{"data":{"repository":{"discussions":{"totalCount":117,"nodes":[{"id":"D_kwDOFwL-vM4AY5Pi","category":{"name":"General"},"upvoteCount":1,"updatedAt":"2024-04-18T22:35:13Z","createdAt":"2024-04-18T21:42:12Z","number":220,"title":"OMI glTF Working Group Meeting 2024-04-18","body":"This meeting is on 2024-04-18 at 21:30 UTC / 2:30 PM PDT in the [OMI Discord](https://discord.gg/J4vyAWFgkj) within the \"Weekly Meeting\" voice channel. During the meeting, we will be using the #omi-gltf-extensions text channel to post links and engage in further discussion.\r\n\r\nTo be notified of this meeting and others, subscribe to the [OMI Meetings and Events Calendar](https://calendar.google.com/calendar/u/1?cid=Y18wZHB1Z2Y5ZjgzZXE0cWVrbWI2b21xYmptZ0Bncm91cC5jYWxlbmRhci5nb29nbGUuY29t) or add yourself to the @omi-gltf-subgroup role in the #roles channel of the OMI Discord.","author":{"login":"aaronfranke"},"comments":{"nodes":[{"id":"DC_kwDOFwL-vM4Ai8T8","author":{"login":"aaronfranke"},"body":"The Mee6 recording bot is back! Meetings will be recorded again. The data from these will be available in OMI archive: https://omigroup.github.io/omi-archive/ We discussed if we want the full audio to be archived, this is generally seen as a good idea, but there are some technical challenges with the file size of the audio files."},{"id":"DC_kwDOFwL-vM4Ai8XO","author":{"login":"aaronfranke"},"body":"We discussed support for KHR_xmp_json_ld including how to handle DCMI metadata and metadata from other scopes."},{"id":"DC_kwDOFwL-vM4Ai8XV","author":{"login":"aaronfranke"},"body":"We discussed some work on OMI_physics_gravity and we did some brainstorming about OMI_vehicle_*. Ant mentioned Rapier uses general-purpose physics joints with motors for vehicle wheels: https://rapier.rs/docs/user_guides/rust/joints/#joint-motors"}]},"labels":{"nodes":[]}},{"id":"D_kwDOFwL-vM4AYxPn","category":{"name":"General"},"upvoteCount":1,"updatedAt":"2024-04-11T22:41:09Z","createdAt":"2024-04-11T21:36:32Z","number":218,"title":"OMI glTF Working Group Meeting 2024-04-11","body":"This meeting is on 2024-04-11 at 21:30 UTC / 2:30 PM PDT in the [OMI Discord](https://discord.gg/J4vyAWFgkj) within the \"Weekly Meeting\" voice channel. During the meeting, we will be using the #omi-gltf-extensions text channel to post links and engage in further discussion.\r\n\r\nTo be notified of this meeting and others, subscribe to the [OMI Meetings and Events Calendar](https://calendar.google.com/calendar/u/1?cid=Y18wZHB1Z2Y5ZjgzZXE0cWVrbWI2b21xYmptZ0Bncm91cC5jYWxlbmRhci5nb29nbGUuY29t) or add yourself to the @omi-gltf-subgroup role in the #roles channel of the OMI Discord.","author":{"login":"aaronfranke"},"comments":{"nodes":[{"id":"DC_kwDOFwL-vM4AirBf","author":{"login":"aaronfranke"},"body":"First item on the agenda: PR for updating the extension support table https://github.com/omigroup/gltf-extensions/pull/217"},{"id":"DC_kwDOFwL-vM4AirC-","author":{"login":"aaronfranke"},"body":"@antpb did some work on glTF-Transform support for KHR_audio_emitter, and Three.js support for KHR_audio_emitter via [three-omi](https://www.npmjs.com/package/three-omi)."},{"id":"DC_kwDOFwL-vM4AirDJ","author":{"login":"aaronfranke"},"body":"Discussion and review on OMI_physics_gravity https://github.com/omigroup/gltf-extensions/pull/216"}]},"labels":{"nodes":[]}},{"id":"D_kwDOFwL-vM4AYUbW","category":{"name":"General"},"upvoteCount":1,"updatedAt":"2024-03-22T11:52:05Z","createdAt":"2024-03-14T21:35:23Z","number":215,"title":"OMI glTF Working Group Meeting 2024-03-14","body":"This meeting is on 2024-03-14 at 21:30 UTC / 2:30 PM PST in the [OMI Discord](https://discord.gg/J4vyAWFgkj) within the \"Weekly Meeting\" voice channel. During the meeting, we will be using the #omi-gltf-extensions text channel to post links and engage in further discussion.\r\n\r\nTo be notified of this meeting and others, subscribe to the [OMI Meetings and Events Calendar](https://calendar.google.com/calendar/u/1?cid=Y18wZHB1Z2Y5ZjgzZXE0cWVrbWI2b21xYmptZ0Bncm91cC5jYWxlbmRhci5nb29nbGUuY29t) or add yourself to the @omi-gltf-subgroup role in the #roles channel of the OMI Discord.\r\n\r\n","author":{"login":"antpb"},"comments":{"nodes":[{"id":"DC_kwDOFwL-vM4Ahidi","author":{"login":"antpb"},"body":"noting that there werent any high level topics to discuss today. Open floor discussions about gltf and we'll document as we move along :) "},{"id":"DC_kwDOFwL-vM4Ah3SZ","author":{"login":"andybak"},"body":"> add yourself to the @omi-gltf-subgroup role in the #roles channel of the OMI Discord.\r\n\r\nI'm not seeing a roles channel?"}]},"labels":{"nodes":[]}},{"id":"D_kwDOFwL-vM4AYLjM","category":{"name":"General"},"upvoteCount":1,"updatedAt":"2024-03-08T05:48:50Z","createdAt":"2024-03-07T22:29:13Z","number":214,"title":"OMI glTF Working Group Meeting 2024-03-07","body":"This meeting is on 2024-03-07 at 22:30 UTC / 2:30 PM PST in the [OMI Discord](https://discord.gg/J4vyAWFgkj) within the \"Weekly Meeting\" voice channel. During the meeting, we will be using the #omi-gltf-extensions text channel to post links and engage in further discussion.\r\n\r\nTo be notified of this meeting and others, subscribe to the [OMI Meetings and Events Calendar](https://calendar.google.com/calendar/u/1?cid=Y18wZHB1Z2Y5ZjgzZXE0cWVrbWI2b21xYmptZ0Bncm91cC5jYWxlbmRhci5nb29nbGUuY29t) or add yourself to the @omi-gltf-subgroup role in the #roles channel of the OMI Discord.","author":{"login":"aaronfranke"},"comments":{"nodes":[{"id":"DC_kwDOFwL-vM4AhP4a","author":{"login":"aaronfranke"},"body":"Today's meeting was a fairly slow meeting. We discussed mainly non-OMI extensions, including VRM, and XMP metadata. @madjin shared this screenshot of VRM's licensing metadata, which should be used as inspiration when doing a full implementation of copyright metadata and XMP metadata in Blender.\r\n\r\n![](https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/887789163045335087/1215429049665716264/image.png?ex=65fcb783&is=65ea4283&hm=69edfb8bf7539e4655c5f8e51354414e1c4e3e5f640aedca5cb16b092c67e1f7&)"}]},"labels":{"nodes":[]}}]}}}}
