{"data":{"repository":{"discussions":{"totalCount":163,"nodes":[{"id":"D_kwDOFUbqUM4ATs9U","category":{"name":"General"},"upvoteCount":1,"updatedAt":"2023-05-05T20:06:32Z","createdAt":"2023-05-05T20:03:53Z","number":388,"title":"Champions Meeting Notes 05/05/23","body":"- we forgot to record sorry guys, but here is the draft https://hackmd.io/@mrmetaverse/OMI-Working-Agreement\r\n- Also we are blocked on Open Collective switch. I can't find the notes explaining how to switch\r\n- Last we agreed to switch the website to a year-long-billing","author":{"login":"mrmetaverse"},"comments":{"nodes":[{"id":"DC_kwDOFUbqUM4AWM4Z","author":{"login":"fire"},"body":"[Draft OMI Working Agreement and Standards Draft.txt](https://github.com/omigroup/omigroup/files/11409718/Draft.OMI.Working.Agreement.and.Standards.Draft.txt)\r\n"}]},"labels":{"nodes":[]}},{"id":"D_kwDOFUbqUM4ATq9f","category":{"name":"General"},"upvoteCount":1,"updatedAt":"2023-05-03T16:54:36Z","createdAt":"2023-05-03T16:00:53Z","number":387,"title":"05/03/2023 Weekly Meeting 16 Notes/Agenda","body":"Weekly Meeting 106 is happening on Wednesday, May 3, 2023 from 9:00 AM PST (16:00 UTC) - 10:00 AM PST (17:00 UTC)\r\n\r\nYou can add it to your calendar [here](https://calendar.google.com/calendar/u/1?cid=Y18wZHB1Z2Y5ZjgzZXE0cWVrbWI2b21xYmptZ0Bncm91cC5jYWxlbmRhci5nb29nbGUuY29t).\r\n \r\nWe'll be meeting again in the omi-weekly-meeting channel of the [AngellXR/OMI Discord](https://discord.gg/NJtT9grz5E).\r\nWe regularly use the # omi-meeting-chat channel for text chat. \r\n\r\n## Who we are and why we're here:\r\n\r\nThe Open Metaverse Interoperability Group (OMI) is focused on bridging virtual worlds by designing and promoting protocols for identity, social graphs, inventory, and more. Our members include businesses and individuals working towards this common goal. \r\n\r\nIf you’re an observer or here for the first time, this is a meeting where people who work on the OMI group initiatives discuss updates and contribution opportunities for current projects and goals. This is your chance to jump in and help!\r\n\r\nWe welcome you to introduce yourself in #omi-meeting-chat as we dive into the agenda items. There will be an open floor in the last 15 minutes of the meeting (agenda permitting) where we can discuss any items you feel are relevant to the current or near future OMI goals.\r\n\r\n## Agenda\r\n\r\nUPDATES:\r\n\r\nMSF-delegates:\r\n\r\n\r\n- There is a board election coming up - it's important that we/OMI have a representative on the MSF board, so we can continue to be a voice for independent creators, small orgs, open source and community/grassroots orgs. Elections will be in a few weeks but we can start preparing our community for that now. (There are some documents we will need to fill out).\r\n\r\n- Interoperability issue to bring to the attention of MSF and industry in general (via @aaronfranke):\r\n-- There are competing standards between OMI's [OMI_collider](https://github.com/omigroup/gltf-extensions/tree/main/extensions/2.0/OMI_collider) and [OMI_physics_body](https://github.com/omigroup/gltf-extensions/tree/main/extensions/2.0/OMI_physics_body) glTF extensions and Microsoft's physics https://github.com/KhronosGroup/glTF/pull/2257.\r\n-- Evo will interview @aaronfranke and then post the video so that we can get more engagement on this issue.\r\n-- How can we get more engagement? Email the MSF general list (but make the email shorter - make ask clear)\r\n-- Evo suggested Ben Houston at ThreeKit - maybe hit up specific people like this on LinkedIn?\r\n\r\n-- Issue is described in detail in this [OMI_collider and OMI_physics_body pull request](https://github.com/KhronosGroup/glTF/pull/2258) and there's a bulleted list of specific differences and impacts. \r\n\r\n\r\nMedia group: \r\n\r\n\r\n\r\nWORLD HOPS:\r\nProposal to do a metatraversal world hop that is a real world/virtual world hybrid event for [AWE](https://www.awexr.com/)? \r\nAWE conference is May 31-June 2 in Santa Clara, CA. If we can get some folks who will be onsite at AWE to help facilitate, we could do an OMI metatraversal world hop, similar to what we did at the OMI 100th meeting anniversary event. \r\n\r\nWe could visit / meet in these spaces (via @madjin): \r\nhttps://hyperfy.io/msf\r\nhttps://hyperfy.io/neonstreet\r\nhttps://hyperfy.io/omi\r\nhttps://framevr.io/omi\r\n\r\n-- Evo said she discussed doing the World Hop with Ben Irwin -- maybe between May 16-24 (the week before AWE). They are already talking about itinerary options. Ben can help with technical direction. Also talked with CodeFrau.\r\n\r\n-- Evo is completing some music videos. She would like to include footage of the portal hop. Shooting dates? \r\n\r\n-- Need to confirm with @madjin on world hop dates - **Friday, May 19** suggested.\r\n\r\n-- Keyframe previously mentioned he will be at AWE onsite, and will be giving a talk on [\"Mapping the Web3 Immersive Platforms\"](https://www.awexr.com/usa-2023/agenda/3658-mapping-the-web3-immersive-platforms) on May 31 at 5:35-6pm. He may be able to facilitate the world hop and possibly facilitate streaming his talk (into our immersive space and vice versa) as well. Evo will be onsite at AWE as well (and may be able to facilitate a world hop).\r\n\r\n-- Keyframe will also be planning an event on May 24 - 'Workshopping the Metaverse' in Spatial. Will be an open format -- people invited to come and ask questions. Do we have OMI slides for him to use? (Check with @mrmetaverse).\r\n\r\n- We will need folks to be welcomers / hosts that can facilitate people joining the world hop to meet & greet.\r\n\r\nTo follow up on organizing the proposed world hop for AWE, we can use our [pro temp events channel in Discord](https://discordapp.com/channels/770382203782692945/1052644259741843526).\r\n\r\nMedia group:\r\n- Evo needs to pass her role on the media team to someone. @musicscene might be working on a newsletter?\r\n- @JimmyDof would like to help with meet & greet for world hop but also in general, on a media planning committee for event production. @AvatarJoy @MalBurns as well.\r\n- @mrmetaverse and anyone that has slides and media/PR materials - please drop it into the [github repo](https://github.com/omigroup/media)\r\n\r\nGLTF group:\r\n- @aaronfranke - finally merged GLTF extensions in Godot Engine (specifically, OMI collider and OMI physics body).\r\n- Several months ago - worked on ability for user to script their own extensions - this is in the build.\r\n","author":{"login":"funksoup"},"comments":{"nodes":[{"id":"DC_kwDOFUbqUM4AWGU2","author":{"login":"mrmetaverse"},"body":"What if we simplify our processes and goals. \r\n\r\n- # of Implementors of our protocols and open standards we evangelize. \r\n- drive towards more visibility and engagement from larger corps. "},{"id":"DC_kwDOFUbqUM4AWGWy","author":{"login":"mrmetaverse"},"body":"Speaking of events: \r\n\r\nWe have the Friday May 19th World hop coming up! "},{"id":"DC_kwDOFUbqUM4AWGYT","author":{"login":"mrmetaverse"},"body":"# Media team \r\n\r\nLets sync tomorrow or Friday! https://savvycal.com/mrmetaverse/chat"},{"id":"DC_kwDOFUbqUM4AWGZ0","author":{"login":"mrmetaverse"},"body":"# Starboard! \r\n- you can star react anything \r\n- ![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/63426722/235981143-7e895c87-4e0a-4e09-bb38-bd32ffee74ea.png)\r\n- if it gets 2 votes it posts to the starboard channel\r\n- ![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/63426722/235981361-d3432f3c-6044-4b5b-847d-aa88b0ef8fc5.png)\r\n- Settings example: \r\n![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/63426722/235981293-46c25a60-5bac-4162-98a0-3a9eca113cb5.png)\r\n"},{"id":"DC_kwDOFUbqUM4AWGbG","author":{"login":"mrmetaverse"},"body":"# Tip bot! \r\n\r\nNow we can send tips, or pool pizza funds for AFK events, and more! It can convert currencies, including tokens like MATIC. "},{"id":"DC_kwDOFUbqUM4AWGbM","author":{"login":"mrmetaverse"},"body":"# For AI bots \r\n\r\n- Evo would like us to get a collaboration agreement in place for how we will use AI bots, or how things may spin out from our org, etc. "},{"id":"DC_kwDOFUbqUM4AWGc2","author":{"login":"mrmetaverse"},"body":"# Summary of priorities right now: \r\n- [ ] 501c3 Opencollective is 1 page, quick win, top priority\r\n- [ ] let's codify our working agreement and dispute resolution thing + using tools agreement (Friday champions discussion)\r\n- [ ] MSF election is coming up \r\n- [ ] next World hop(s) on 5/19 \r\n- [ ] \"Our one metric that matters\": How many implementers? (consquently, how do increase implementors... etc.) \r\n- [ ] Media team sync! Friday at 1pm PDT - 4pm EST "}]},"labels":{"nodes":[]}},{"id":"D_kwDOFUbqUM4ATlbG","category":{"name":"General"},"upvoteCount":1,"updatedAt":"2023-04-26T16:46:09Z","createdAt":"2023-04-26T15:54:27Z","number":386,"title":"04/26/23 Weekly Meeting 105 Notes/Agenda","body":"Weekly Meeting 105 is happening on Wednesday, April 19, 2023 from 9:00 AM PST (16:00 UTC) - 10:00 AM PST (17:00 UTC)\r\n\r\nYou can add it to your calendar [here](https://calendar.google.com/calendar/u/1?cid=Y18wZHB1Z2Y5ZjgzZXE0cWVrbWI2b21xYmptZ0Bncm91cC5jYWxlbmRhci5nb29nbGUuY29t).\r\n \r\nWe'll be meeting again in the omi-weekly-meeting channel of the [AngellXR/OMI Discord](https://discord.gg/NJtT9grz5E).\r\nWe regularly use the # omi-meeting-chat channel for text chat. \r\n\r\n## Who we are and why we're here:\r\n\r\nThe Open Metaverse Interoperability Group (OMI) is focused on bridging virtual worlds by designing and promoting protocols for identity, social graphs, inventory, and more. Our members include businesses and individuals working towards this common goal. \r\n\r\nIf you’re an observer or here for the first time, this is a meeting where people who work on the OMI group initiatives discuss updates and contribution opportunities for current projects and goals. This is your chance to jump in and help!\r\n\r\nWe welcome you to introduce yourself in #omi-meeting-chat as we dive into the agenda items. There will be an open floor in the last 15 minutes of the meeting (agenda permitting) where we can discuss any items you feel are relevant to the current or near future OMI goals.\r\n\r\n## Agenda\r\n\r\nUPDATES:\r\n\r\nMSF-delegates:\r\n- MSF just publicly announced their incorporation into a nonprofit industry consortium (announced April 18, 2023)\r\nhttps://twitter.com/Metaverse_Forum/status/1648312697161932800\r\n\r\n- There is a board election coming up - it's important that we/OMI have a representative on the MSF board, so we can continue to be a voice for independent creators, small orgs, open source and community/grassroots orgs. Elections will be in a few weeks but we can start preparing our community for that now. (There are some documents we will need to fill out).\r\n\r\n- Interoperability issue to bring to the attention of MSF and industry in general (via @aaronfranke):\r\n-- There are competing standards between OMI's [OMI_collider](https://github.com/omigroup/gltf-extensions/tree/main/extensions/2.0/OMI_collider) and [OMI_physics_body](https://github.com/omigroup/gltf-extensions/tree/main/extensions/2.0/OMI_physics_body) glTF extensions and Microsoft's physics https://github.com/KhronosGroup/glTF/pull/2257.\r\n-- Evo will interview @aaronfranke and then post the video so that we can get more engagement on this issue.\r\n-- How can we get more engagement? Email the MSF general list (but make the email shorter - make ask clear)\r\n-- Evo suggested Ben Houston at ThreeKit - maybe hit up specific people like this on LinkedIn?\r\n\r\n-- Issue is described in detail in this [OMI_collider and OMI_physics_body pull request](https://github.com/KhronosGroup/glTF/pull/2258) and there's a bulleted list of specific differences and impacts. \r\n\r\n\r\nMedia group: \r\n\r\n\r\n\r\nWORLD HOPS:\r\nProposal to do a metatraversal world hop that is a real world/virtual world hybrid event for [AWE](https://www.awexr.com/)? \r\nAWE conference is May 31-June 2 in Santa Clara, CA. If we can get some folks who will be onsite at AWE to help facilitate, we could do an OMI metatraversal world hop, similar to what we did at the OMI 100th meeting anniversary event. \r\n\r\nWe could visit / meet in these spaces (via @madjin): \r\nhttps://hyperfy.io/msf\r\nhttps://hyperfy.io/neonstreet\r\nhttps://hyperfy.io/omi\r\nhttps://framevr.io/omi\r\n\r\n-- Evo said she discussed doing the World Hop with Ben Irwin -- maybe between May 16-24 (the week before AWE). They are already talking about itinerary options. Ben can help with technical direction. Also talked with CodeFrau.\r\n\r\n-- Evo is completing some music videos. She would like to include footage of the portal hop. Shooting dates? \r\n\r\n-- Need to confirm with @madjin on world hop dates - **Friday, May 19** suggested.\r\n\r\n-- Keyframe previously mentioned he will be at AWE onsite, and will be giving a talk on [\"Mapping the Web3 Immersive Platforms\"](https://www.awexr.com/usa-2023/agenda/3658-mapping-the-web3-immersive-platforms) on May 31 at 5:35-6pm. He may be able to facilitate the world hop and possibly facilitate streaming his talk (into our immersive space and vice versa) as well. Evo will be onsite at AWE as well (and may be able to facilitate a world hop).\r\n\r\n-- Keyframe will also be planning an event on May 24 - 'Workshopping the Metaverse' in Spatial. Will be an open format -- people invited to come and ask questions. Do we have OMI slides for him to use? (Check with @mrmetaverse).\r\n\r\n- We will need folks to be welcomers / hosts that can facilitate people joining the world hop to meet & greet.\r\n\r\nTo follow up on organizing the proposed world hop for AWE, we can use our [pro temp events channel in Discord](https://discordapp.com/channels/770382203782692945/1052644259741843526).\r\n\r\nMedia group:\r\n- Evo needs to pass her role on the media team to someone. @musicscene might be working on a newsletter?\r\n- @JimmyDof would like to help with meet & greet for world hop but also in general, on a media planning committee for event production. @AvatarJoy @MalBurns as well.\r\n- @mrmetaverse and anyone that has slides and media/PR materials - please drop it into the [github repo](https://github.com/omigroup/media)\r\n\r\nGLTF group:\r\n- @aaronfranke - finally merged GLTF extensions in Godot Engine (specifically, OMI collider and OMI physics body).\r\n- Several months ago - worked on ability for user to script their own extensions - this is in the build.\r\n","author":{"login":"funksoup"},"comments":{"nodes":[]},"labels":{"nodes":[]}},{"id":"D_kwDOFUbqUM4ATez6","category":{"name":"General"},"upvoteCount":1,"updatedAt":"2023-04-20T01:25:15Z","createdAt":"2023-04-19T17:57:11Z","number":385,"title":"04/19/23 Weekly Meeting 104 Notes/Agenda","body":"Weekly Meeting 104 is happening on Wednesday, April 19, 2023 from 9:00 AM PST (16:00 UTC) - 10:00 AM PST (17:00 UTC)\r\n\r\nYou can add it to your calendar [here](https://calendar.google.com/calendar/u/1?cid=Y18wZHB1Z2Y5ZjgzZXE0cWVrbWI2b21xYmptZ0Bncm91cC5jYWxlbmRhci5nb29nbGUuY29t).\r\n \r\nWe'll be meeting again in the omi-weekly-meeting channel of the [AngellXR/OMI Discord](https://discord.gg/NJtT9grz5E).\r\nWe regularly use the # omi-meeting-chat channel for text chat. \r\n\r\n## Who we are and why we're here:\r\n\r\nThe Open Metaverse Interoperability Group (OMI) is focused on bridging virtual worlds by designing and promoting protocols for identity, social graphs, inventory, and more. Our members include businesses and individuals working towards this common goal. \r\n\r\nIf you’re an observer or here for the first time, this is a meeting where people who work on the OMI group initiatives discuss updates and contribution opportunities for current projects and goals. This is your chance to jump in and help!\r\n\r\nWe welcome you to introduce yourself in #omi-meeting-chat as we dive into the agenda items. There will be an open floor in the last 15 minutes of the meeting (agenda permitting) where we can discuss any items you feel are relevant to the current or near future OMI goals.\r\n\r\n## Agenda\r\n\r\nUPDATES:\r\n\r\nMSF-delegates:\r\n- MSF just publicly announced their incorporation into a nonprofit industry consortium (announced April 18, 2023)\r\nhttps://twitter.com/Metaverse_Forum/status/1648312697161932800\r\n\r\n- There is a board election coming up - it's important that we/OMI have a representative on the MSF board, so we can continue to be a voice for independent creators, small orgs, open source and community/grassroots orgs. Elections will be in a few weeks but we can start preparing our community for that now. (There are some documents we will need to fill out).\r\n\r\n- Interoperability issue to bring to the attention of MSF and industry in general (via @aaronfranke):\r\n-- There are competing standards between OMI's [OMI_collider](https://github.com/omigroup/gltf-extensions/tree/main/extensions/2.0/OMI_collider) and [OMI_physics_body](https://github.com/omigroup/gltf-extensions/tree/main/extensions/2.0/OMI_physics_body) glTF extensions and Microsoft's physics https://github.com/KhronosGroup/glTF/pull/2257.\r\n\r\n-- Issue is described in detail in this [OMI_collider and OMI_physics_body pull request](https://github.com/KhronosGroup/glTF/pull/2258) and there's a bulleted list of specific differences and impacts. \r\n\r\n-- @funksoup, @aaronfranke & @JoyceBettencourt will attend the evening (9pm EDT) MSF Oversight meeting tonight (April 19) to highlight this issue and inform people of the impact of the proposed standards.\r\n\r\nMedia group: \r\n- Media group will be starting a newsletter \r\n\r\n\r\nWORLD HOPS:\r\nProposal to do a metatraversal world hop that is a real world/virtual world hybrid event for [AWE](https://www.awexr.com/)? \r\nAWE conference is May 31-June 2 in Santa Clara, CA. If we can get some folks who will be onsite at AWE to help facilitate, we could do an OMI metatraversal world hop, similar to what we did at the OMI 100th meeting anniversary event. \r\n\r\nWe could visit / meet in these spaces (via @madjin): \r\nhttps://hyperfy.io/msf\r\nhttps://hyperfy.io/neonstreet\r\nhttps://hyperfy.io/omi\r\nhttps://framevr.io/omi\r\n\r\n![Metaverse Standards Forum Plenary #7 APC 12Apr23](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/34685781/233160931-131b8af1-5cb2-4141-a6ed-ec13236ba0e5.jpg)\r\n\r\nKeyframe mentioned he will be at AWE onsite,  and will be giving a talk on \"Mapping the Web3 Immersive Platforms\" on May 31 at 5:35-6pm. He may be able to facilitate the world hop and possibly facilitate streaming his talk (into our immersive space and vice versa) as well. Evo will be onsite at AWE as well (and may be able to facilitate a world hop).\r\n\r\nMal mentioned the possibility of using Discord for the world hop, i.e., have the rooms Hyperfy and FrameVR, etc and then have Discord open with folks streaming from different rooms, so that Discord output can be streamed back into the 'meat space' venue at AWE.\r\n\r\nOUTREACH:\r\nKeyframe also mentioned that he will be at the following events and could promote OMI as part of his presentations:\r\n[Boom Festival in Portugal](https://boomfestival.org/boom2023/program/)\r\n[Miami Art Week / Bit Basel](https://bitbasel.com/miami-art-week)\r\n\r\nAction steps: \r\nKeyframe requested OMI slides. We have them somewhere, but where? Let's follow up with Media group (@pcsmgnt, Evo).\r\nDo we have updated images / videos for OMI slides? Ideally, would be great to have a post-mortem for our 100th meeting anniversary. \r\nFor now, @JoyceBettencourt re-posted these images:\r\n\r\n![OMI_100_group_1](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/34685781/233160785-5c8302ea-c172-4de7-b8ee-20a3c49e7e73.png)\r\n![OMI_100_group_2](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/34685781/233160802-0141fa93-defb-4291-a69e-94ede086c5fb.png)\r\n\r\nAnd Mal Burns re-posted the youtube link for the [OMI panel he moderated for the last Open Source Community Conference](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=X9WqJMf9cK8).\r\n\r\nTo follow up on organizing the proposed world hop for AWE, we can use our [pro temp events channel in Discord](https://discordapp.com/channels/770382203782692945/1052644259741843526).","author":{"login":"funksoup"},"comments":{"nodes":[]},"labels":{"nodes":[]}}]}}}}