# OMI 10-11-23

[toc]

## AI meeting summary

- The meeting is the 128th meeting of the open mentor's interoperability group.
- Participants are working on building the Open Metaverse.
- There were technical issues with one participant's computer crashing, but they were able to continue the meeting.
- Participants introduce themselves and discuss their recent work and concerns.
- The Media Group discusses sharing content on social media and adding their meetings to a calendar invite.
- The TLTF group discusses their progress and upcoming tasks, including audio work. They also mention inviting more people to join the group.
- Plans for a crowdfunded launch in October are discussed, along with nominations for Omches (roles within the group).
- Weekly game night ideas are mentioned, but some participants express feeling overwhelmed with other commitments.
- The transcript discusses various topics including a call with Keyframe, the need for a Save the Date flyer, organizing virtual events in the metaverse, collaborating with the Linux Foundation and Open Metaverse Foundation, exploring hackathon proposals, co-working activities in M Three, and sharing interesting findings and projects. The conversation also touches on Unity's recent drama regarding usage fees and their CEO's resignation. Academic research related to urban transformation funding calls is mentioned as well.
- The conversation revolves around the idea of mapping needs and offerings in a metaverse context, specifically related to pick-up and delivery services using bicycles.
- There is interest in creating a virtual space simulation or 3D space for this purpose.
- A person named Kim is mentioned as someone who could potentially be approached to join the group.
- Metevibe, which focuses on extended reality, is discussed as a potential collaboration opportunity.
- Istanbul's digital twin project and funding for a game are also mentioned as future possibilities.
- Technical terminology is brought up, but it is suggested that explanations should be provided in normal language.
- The meeting concludes with plans to catch up again next week.

### Key Points

- Planning a casual weekly chill night event in the virtual world
- Considering options for meeting places in the metaverse
- Maintaining momentum for proposed events while considering personal limitations
- Exploring existing spooky worlds like Halloween Lane instead of creating new ones
- Discussing collaboration opportunities with organizations like the Linux Foundation and Open Metaverse Foundation
- Sharing ideas for hackathons and developing proposals to engage partners and sponsors
- Highlighting co-working activities happening in M Three
- Mentioning Unity's recent controversy over increased usage fees and CEO resignation
- Sharing academic research on urban transformation funding calls

### Action items
Based on the transcript, here are the follow-ups and action items that can be inferred:

- Confirm details for the crowdfunded launch: The speaker mentioned the need to confirm with Keyframe about the virtual venue or any accompanying event planned alongside the crowdfunding launch. A call with Keyframe was scheduled for Friday to discuss this further.
- Save the Date flyer: The speaker mentioned the need for a Save the Date flyer for the upcoming event. They planned to pick it up on Friday after the discussion with Keyframe.
- Nominations for Omches: The speaker reminded everyone that nominations for Omches were still open. They encouraged participants to nominate themselves or others for the roles. Nominations would close after the next week's meeting, and the election would take place two weeks later.
- Weekly game night: The idea of having a weekly game night was proposed. The participants discussed the possibility of organizing game nights in virtual worlds, such as Mario Kart in HyperFi. It was suggested to explore existing events and curate an itinerary around them instead of creating something new.
- Strengthen collaboration with the Linux Foundation: The speaker mentioned a conversation about collaborating with the Linux Foundation and reaching out to Linux Foundation members. The idea of having a partner sponsor a hackathon and creating a presence in the Metaverse was discussed. The participants talked about cold calling partners and sending 3D logos to Linux Foundation members.
- Research and funding opportunities: The speaker shared their academic findings related to urban transformation funding, collaborative projects with Rise, a research group in Sweden, the Recycler Co-op, Metevibe, and pervasive games research. They expressed interest in exploring funding opportunities and potentially funding others to help build their project.
- It's important to note that the transcript does not explicitly state whether these action items were assigned or discussed further. However, they are mentioned as topics of interest or potential next steps during the meeting.

## Outline

- Chapter 1: Introduction to the Open Mentor's Interoperability Group (Timestamp: 1:18:42)
    - Meeting number 128 of the Open Mentor's Interoperability Group (Timestamp: 1:18:44)
    - Purpose of the meeting (Timestamp: 1:20:04)
    - Introduction of new members (Timestamp: 1:20:18)
- Chapter 2: Working Group Check-ins (Timestamp: 1:22:17)
    - TLTF group update (Timestamp: 1:22:21)
    - Media Group update (Timestamp: 1:25:25)
    - Audio Group update (Timestamp: 1:30:21)
    - Research-related show and tell (Timestamp: 1:31:54)
- Chapter 3: Weekly Game Night and Check-in (Timestamp: 1:33:03)
    - Discussion on having a weekly game night (Timestamp: 1:33:12)
    - Proposal for weekly check-in (Timestamp: 1:33:41)
- Chapter 4: Collaboration with Linux Foundation and Open Metaverse Foundation (Timestamp: 1:37:24)
    - Strengthening collaboration with Linux Foundation and Open Metaverse Foundation (Timestamp: 1:37:24)
    - Proposal for collaboration (Timestamp: 1:39:10)
- Chapter 5: Academic Findings and Research (Timestamp: 1:51:06)
    - Urban transformation funding call (Timestamp: 1:51:06)
    - Research group called Rise and their project Story in Motion (Timestamp: 1:51:48)
- Potential mapping of their project in a metaverse context (Timestamp: 1:52:34)
    - Research on Istanbul's digital twin (Timestamp: 1:53:44)
- Chapter 6: Wrap-Up and Closing Remarks (Timestamp: 1:57:06)
    - Show and tell (Timestamp: 1:55:45)
    - Closing remarks and next meeting details (Timestamp: 1:57:06)


Please note that the timestamps provided are approximate and may vary slightly depending on the transcription accuracy.

## Notes
- Participants are checking if everyone can hear them and asking for a "sanity check."
- The agenda for the meeting includes discussion topics and sharing random or relevant things from the week.
- The Media Group wants to share content on social media platforms and discuss how to go about it.
- The TLTF group is working but not ready to talk about it.
- The audio work is still being discussed, possibly related to university groups.
- There is a suggestion to have a research-related show and tell.
- The group wants to collaborate with others and build identity.
- A note about the MSF Standards Register Work Groups catalog is shared.
- Participants are given time to process the information and share anything interesting or concerning.
- A screenshot of Gaussian splatting work is mentioned.
- Someone suggests having "crash cards."
- Academic findings from an urban transformation funding call are shared.
- The group discusses ways to reach out to Normans and collaborate with them.
- A phone app is mentioned for visualizing changes in an area.
- The use of technical terminology in academics is acknowledged.
- Participants are asked if there is anything else they would like to add to the meeting.