# OMI 10-4-23

[toc]

## AI meeting summary

The Open Metaverse Interoperability group is focused on bridging virtual worlds and engaging the general public, hardcore gamers, and builders. They are working towards designing protocols for identity, social inventory, and more. The group welcomes new members to introduce themselves and discuss their interests. They discuss a recent Meta traversal event that had a good turnout but could improve the seamless experience. There are plans to create tighter presentations in the future. They also discuss collaborations for demo days and future projects, including building a character sheet as a community effort.

In this part of the transcript, the speaker discusses their desire to enable asset transfer or avatar transfer on the fly in virtual reality (VR) experiences. They mention the potential for translating avatars from Minecraft to VR chat and vice versa. The speaker emphasizes that such developments should be a community effort due to the amount of work involved. They also discuss plans for future events focused on building community and exploring research funding opportunities. Additionally, there is a discussion about organizing weekly game nights or social hours in virtual spaces as a means of gathering together and fostering a sense of community. Elections are mentioned as well, with nominations open until a specific date and elections scheduled for later. Finally, there is talk about upcoming Demo Days focusing on metaverse engines and funding possibilities within virtual environments.

## Summary

- The discussion revolves around terminology, metaverse platforms, and the potential collaboration between OMF (Open Metaverse Foundation) and Omi.
- There is a suggestion to have an FAQ page on the website and explore different channels for discussions.
- The focus is on OMF's marketing and branding efforts, with potential collaborations with Omi as aligned partners.
- The idea of creating a table listing all metaverse platforms and game engines that support or don't support their specifications is proposed.
- Demo Day lessons learned include the need for earlier planning, better audio quality, sharing recordings and ideas through various channels, and updating the calendar access for media-related activities.
- There are discussions about weekly meetings for media groups, accessibility to post on social media platforms like Twitter, and exploring possibilities of collaboration with Linux Foundation's involvement in the metaverse space.
- A person mentioned sending a private email and receiving a reply. There was discussion about the possibility of providing leadership from the bottom up. The MSF Metaverse Standards Forum is publishing a library of their standards, and there was interest in approaching them to incorporate it into the metaverse. Someone offered to find more information on this topic. Additionally, unrelated personal topics were discussed such as fostering kittens and sharing a 3D model of a character. The meeting officially ended with goodbyes.

### Action items
- From the transcript, there are several follow-ups and action items that were discussed. Here's a list of them:
- Elections: It was mentioned that there will be elections for the Omi group. Nominations will be open until a specific date, and the election will be held in about a month's time. The roles of the chairs were also discussed, and more information will be provided regarding the election process.
- Demo Days: The Omi group plans to continue organizing Demo Days on a monthly basis. The next Demo Day is scheduled for October 20th, and it will coincide with Keyframe's museum launch. The focus of the next event will be on funding, and there will be presentations and discussions related to it.
- Metaverse Engines: The idea of discussing different metaverse engines and their implementations of Omi specifications was brought up. It was suggested to have a page or table that lists all the metaverse platforms and game engines, along with their support for Omi specs. This would provide an overview of the metaverse landscape and help identify areas of collaboration.
- Collaboration with OMF: There was a discussion about collaborating with the Open Metaverse Foundation (OMF). It was mentioned that the Linux Foundation, which oversees OMF, has resources for marketing and branding. The idea was to have a close alignment between Omi and OMF, with Omi being the grassroots community and OMF being the commercial side. Specific areas of collaboration and focus for OMF were not determined, but it was suggested to create a proposal outlining ways Linux is involved in the metaverse and how OMF could support specific initiatives.
- Media Group: It was mentioned that the Media Group has not met for a while and needs to be more active in promoting events and sharing updates. A suggestion was made to have a weekly scheduled meeting for the group and to ensure access to platforms for posting on social media and updating the website.
- Library of Standards: The Metaverse Standards Forum (MSF) is publishing a library of their standards and reference materials. It was proposed to approach them with ideas to incorporate their library into the metaverse, potentially through the museum concept or in a similar format.
- These are the follow-ups and action items that were discussed in the transcript.

## Outline

- Introduction to the Open Metaverse Interoperability group (2:03:31-2:04:28)
- Feedback on the Meta traversal (2:05:21-2:08:13)
- Museum project and campaign launch (2:08:50-2:09:48)
- Workshops and educational content (2:09:48-2:12:00)
- Future OMI demo days (2:12:47-2:16:10)
- Exploring possibilities and challenges (2:18:27-2:21:50)
- Ongoing discussions and research projects (2:21:50-2:23:24)
- Elections and roles of chairs (2:28:36-2:30:01)
- Demo Day for funding opportunities (2:31:34-2:33:48)
- Alignment with verticals and social activities (2:33:59-2:36:34)
- Working group check-ins (2:37:59-2:40:24)
- General conversations and demos (2:40:40-2:45:37)
- Lessons learned from Demo Day (2:45:52-2:46:24)
- Weekly scheduled meeting on Tuesday (2:48:10-2:49:53)
- Collaboration on a document (2:50:25-2:51:23)
- Publishing library of reference material (2:51:23-2:55:11)

Note: The timestamps indicate the approximate time in the transcript when each chapter is being discussed or mentioned.

## Notes

- The meeting starts with a request for participants to reintroduce themselves or share interesting tidbits.
- The speaker mentions that this is issue number 420 and finds it amusing.
- There is a mention of a "keyframe" and a statement that it was pretty rapid fire.
- Overall, the speaker thinks the meeting went well and plans to create a shorter edited video for the next session.
- The speaker asks for feedback on this idea.
- There is a discussion about the date of the next event, with mentions of October 20th or 20 Eigth.
- The speaker suggests having presentations on character sheets and encourages participants to share their work and future plans.
- The idea of having a character sheet that displays avatars, stats, reputation, and friends from different worlds is discussed.
- The speaker suggests outlining what could be possible and the challenges involved in an event.
- There is a mention of wanting to add asset or avatar transfer on the fly.
- The speaker mentions the need for planning the next meeting and encourages participants to provide their thoughts.
- There is a mention of Omi experiments and collaboration in job searching.
- The speaker refers to the idea of having more structured monthly demo days with speakers and agendas.
- There is a discussion about audio formats and webinars.
- The speaker mentions the need to revisit some questions and asks for input from a specific participant.
- Markdown is suggested as a good option for a spreadsheet table.
- Lessons learned from the previous demo day are discussed, including the need for earlier planning.
- The speaker mentions providing notes and videos in the Omi General Channel.
- There is a mention of a video wall and the idea of making weekly updates.
- The speaker asks a participant to work on a document together.
- Random non-work-related information is mentioned and the recording is stopped, but the conversation continues.