# OMI 8-31-23

[toc]

## AI meeting summary

The transcript discusses various topics related to subdivision levels, software tools, and metaverse projects. It starts with a discussion about different subdivision levels in a software called Avatar and BRM. The conversation then moves on to the availability of free software called Simply Gone, which raises questions about its affordability and functionality. The speaker explains their workflow using high-level base mesh and decimation. They also discuss the possibility of incorporating Microsoft LOD (Level of Detail) into avatars or using glTF as an alternative to VRM. File size implications and automatic generation of LODs are also mentioned.

The conversation then shifts towards Godot, a game development engine, where headless mode issues are discussed along with current popular metaverse projects like Vsekai and Mirror. Other platforms like Decentraland are briefly mentioned but face challenges in finding vetted developers for their VR client.

Towards the end, the discussion touches upon Blender plugins for Roblox and potential collaborations between Blender ecosystem plugins targeting different platforms.

Overall, the transcript covers topics such as subdivision levels, software tools like Simply Gone, workflows involving mesh decimation, alternative file formats like glTF for avatars instead of VRM, Godot's status in comparison to other engines like CryEngine or Unity3D / 3DEngine / Mirror / VRChat / NeosVR/ Vsekai), challenges faced by decentralized graphics platforms (e.g., Decentraland) in finding developers, open-source initiatives related to Blender integration with various platforms (A-Frame / JANUS / WebXR / Hubs), scripting capabilities in Hubs editor/collaborative 3D modeling using glTF behavior graph.

The conversation in this part of the transcript covers various topics related to optimizing LODs (Level of Detail) in the industry. It mentions tools like Blender, Unity plugin, and Python API that are used for this purpose. The discussion also touches on imposters, which are used in frame VR and other applications. There is a mention of USD (Universal Scene Description) scale being discussed at an upcoming meeting, as well as some work done with Omi and KHR audio. Additionally, there is talk about spatializing documentation using glTF assets and improving rendering of text. The conversation concludes with discussions around GitHub issues, approval processes for PRs (Pull Requests), and adding more examples to the extensions repository.

Ant mentions that there are examples in the Kronos repo, but many of them don't have any recent examples. Additionally, some specs require purchasing a copy of the standard from ISO. The group discusses the need for live demos and links to demos. They also mention their blog post being retweeted by the glTF group and discuss compiling notes for a retrospective on working groups and coordination. They briefly talk about an audio zone pull request and explore Hubs' audio settings. They mention behavior graphs in Blender's glTF extension and note that someone has been working on getting Hubs to work on Raspberry Pi. There is also discussion about converting video into text summaries using Fireflies, lightning talks at WebXR meetups, and making a booth for future events.

## Action items
From the transcript, I have identified the following follow-ups and action items:

- Sync up the glTF extensions repository with the Kronos pull request.
- Add more examples with sample assets to the glTF extensions repository.
- Explore the Hubs Blender add-on and behavior graph to see how they can be used in conjunction with glTF extensions.
- Investigate the possibility of running Hubs on a Raspberry Pi and gather more information on this topic.
- Convert video content into text and summaries using Fireflies for past talks and presentations.
- Post an announcement in the Omi General channel about the upcoming WebXR Lightning Talks event and consider participating.
- Create a booth for an event and invite others to join and contribute.

These are the identified follow-ups and action items from the transcript.

## Outline
Based on the timestamps provided in the transcript, here is an outline with chapters:

- **Chapter 1**: Introduction to Subdivision Level Zero
    - 1:44:56 - 1:44:58: The conversation begins with a mention of subdivision level zero.
- **Chapter 2**: Explanation of Technology
    - 1:46:41 - 1:46:49: One person asks about the technology being discussed.
    - 1:46:49 - 1:48:05: The other person promises to explain it further.
- **Chapter 3**: Microsoft LLD and glTF Extensions
    - 1:48:05 - 1:48:29: The mention of turning something into Microsoft LLD.
    - 1:48:29 - 1:57:54: A discussion about glTF extensions and related topics.
- **Chapter 4**: Animated Walk Cycle Spreadsheet
    - 1:50:23 - 1:51:32: The alternative way of creating animated walk cycles through a spreadsheet.
- **Chapter 5**: Ship as a Library for Content
    - 1:54:51 - 1:57:12: The ship being described as a library for content.
- **Chapter 6**: GitHub and Documentation
    - 1:57:12 - 2:06:46: Discussion about GitHub, community calls, meeting notes, and documentation efforts.
- **Chapter 7**: Boosting Awareness and Feedback
    - 2:06:46 - 2:09:51: Ideas for boosting awareness and getting feedback through virtual events, demos, and presentations.
- **Chapter 8**: Spatializing Documentation
    - 2:09:51 - 2:13:09: The concept of spatializing documentation to make it visually appealing and performant.
- **Chapter 9**: Approaches to Text Rendering
    - 2:13:09 - 2:15:01: Mention of different approaches to text rendering.
- **Chapter 10**: Audio and Components
    - 2:15:49 - 2:19:36: Discussion about audio, components, and reviewing changes.
- **Chapter 11**: Examples and Demos
    - 2:21:49 - 2:25:28: The importance of examples and demos, and their inclusion in the documentation.
- **Chapter 12**: Coordinating and Aligning Efforts
    - 2:26:02 - 2:29:00: The need for better coordination and alignment with other groups working on similar things.
- **Chapter 13**: Behavior Graph in Blender
    - 2:29:00 - 2:32:06: Discussion about the behavior graph in Blender.
- **Chapter 14**: Lightning Talks and Future Plans
    - 2:32:06 - 2:36:46: Mention of lightning talks, future plans, and ending the recording.

Please note that the chapter titles are inferred based on the content of the transcript and may not capture the full context of the conversation.

## Notes

- Subdivision zero is mentioned.
- There is something that is free, but it is not clear what it refers to.
- There is a discussion about turning something into Microsoft LLD.
- A concept is being explained, but it is not clear what it is.
- There is a mention of an alternative way through an animated walk cycle spreadsheet.
- It is mentioned that something can automatically generate certain things.
- There is a mention of an extension chat related to glTF.
- There is talk about signaling support to millions of people and having information available.
- There is mention of a recent overview that was not discussed in a previous meeting.
- There is a suggestion to put something in a chat.
- There is a question about familiarity with a technique called imposters.
- There is a mention of a scale of 2000.
- There is talk about something that needs to be looked at this week.
- There are mentions of a community call, meeting notes, and a meeting summary.
- There is talk about creating an Omichan and collaborating on promotional efforts.
- There is a mention of prioritizing documentation and demos.
- There is a suggestion to cross-reference and collaborate better.
- There is mention of converting a talk into documentation and vice versa.
- There is talk about three approaches related to sign distance field, prophesiator axis, and pure images.
- There is mention of missing examples.
- There is discussion about audio and components.
- There is talk about hitting the approve button and reviewing changes.
- There is mention of adding more examples and specifying extensions.
- There is talk about compiling notes and doing a retrospective.
- There is mention of lighting talks and presentations.
- There is a suggestion to align with another group working on similar things.
- There is talk about audio settings and behavior add-ons.
- There is mention of converting video into text and summaries.
- There is mention of lightning talks and wrapping up the discussion on extensions.
- There is a mention of posting meeting notes and ending the recording.