# OMI 8-31-23

[toc]

## AI meeting summary

The Omi glTF Working Group meeting started with discussing questions about the physics extension. One question was why it's not sufficient to use the Microsoft specification, and another question was about assets getting sucked into Unity packages. It was mentioned that open issues in the glTF physics repository show that discussions are necessary for a healthy standard development process involving multiple people. The discussion also touched on the two-pronged approach of using both MSFT and Omi specifications, as well as the importance of involvement from big players before ratification. There were mentions of plans for Omi to graduate up to an official glTF KHR spec, but concerns were raised about Microsoft pushing their own Corona standard without enough feedback. The transcript also highlighted challenges and frustrations in making progress and ensuring quality when standards become official too quickly without addressing major issues or receiving feedback from implementers.

Owen expressed doubts about proving a certain point, but the speaker disagreed and didn't want to explain it repeatedly. They emphasized that the behavior in question is not application specific and is important for their project. The speaker was trying to figure out how to respond to Owen's concerns. There was a discussion about triggers in the specification and their importance. The conversation then shifted towards issues of content creation for different platforms and the need for interoperability standards. The group also discussed strategies for speeding up consensus in working groups, particularly within the glTF group. Finally, there were minor notes on syncing repositories and renaming an audio-related specification.

The discussion revolves around the renaming of an extension related to audio in the glTF format. The decision was made to change it from "Omi Audio Emitter" to "KHR Audio" in order to reflect its intended purpose and serve as a basis for additional extensions. However, there is confusion regarding whether other extensions should also use the "KHR Audio" prefix. The participants discuss different naming options such as "Audio Emitter" or simply "Audio". They also mention past discussions on topics like autoplay and loop, and historical reasoning behind certain decisions. Additionally, there is a debate about whether static bodies should be included in the physics aspect of glTF, with conflicting views between Microsoft and Omi. Other issues raised include inconsistent naming conventions within Kronos' recommended extension scheme. Finally, there are plans to raise new issues and participate in Kronos meetings for further influence on these matters.

Ants express happiness because people are talking and caring about something, and they plan to take action. The speaker acknowledges that there has been little progress recently but hopes for a productive September. The meeting ends with gratitude towards the host and farewells from the participants.

## Action items

Follow-ups and action items from the transcript:

- The discussion on the glTF physics extension and the need for more input and discussions within the glTF extensions room.
- Action item: Document the reasons why it is important to have discussions and involve more people in the development of the glTF physics extension.
- The need to improve the Microsoft extension and the importance of providing feedback for improvements.
- Action item: Write a document explaining the reasons behind the development of the Omi spec as a way to demonstrate how a given approach would work and make it easier for Microsoft to incorporate changes.
- The discussion on the two-pronged approach of developing Omi and also providing feedback to Microsoft to improve their extension.
- Action item: Continue working on the Omi spec while also providing feedback to Microsoft to encourage improvements.
- The discussion on the challenges of getting industry players to adopt and shape specifications before they are ratified.
- Action item: Continue to emphasize the importance of industry involvement and collaboration in shaping and improving the glTF standards.
- The mention of Omi's plan to graduate to an official glTF KHR spec.
- Action item: Work towards converging Omi with the glTF KHR spec and continue efforts to make it an official specification.
- The frustration with the pace of progress and the concern that some issues are not being resolved before ratification.
- Action item: Encourage more active participation, discussion, and feedback to address pending issues and ensure that changes can still be made even after ratification.
- The need for more comments and reviews on the open issues and pull requests.
- Action item: Request community members to review and comment on the open issues, particularly the one regarding combined triggers and the one discussing the limitations of static bodies.
- The discussion on whether static bodies should be included in the glTF physics extension.
- Action item: Open a new issue to discuss and gather input on the inclusion of static bodies, considering the differing opinions and preferences.
- The suggestion to improve naming conventions and consistency within the glTF extensions.
- Action item: Open an issue to propose naming revisions, such as using KHR physics as the scope prefix and addressing pluralization inconsistencies.
- The mention of Ufbx library's testing technique using OBJ still frames for verification.
- Action item: Consider implementing a similar testing approach to verify the functionality and consistency of the glTF extensions.
- The commitment to continue working on the audio extension and addressing issues and feedback.
- Action item: Allocate time to work on the audio extension, ensure it aligns with the MPEG and Microsoft specifications, and address any issues or concerns raised.
- The plan to join the Kronos meetings to have a direct influence on the development and discussions.
- Action item: Make efforts to join the Kronos meetings and actively participate in shaping the glTF standards.
- The need for more progress and a productive September.
- Action item: Plan and work towards a productive September, aiming for progress in resolving pending issues and advancing the development of the glTF extensions.

Please note that these follow-ups and action items are based on the discussions and statements in the transcript.

## Outline

- **Chapter 1**: Omi glTF Working Group Meeting Introduction (1:21:56 - 1:22:42)
    - Participants discuss the start of the Omi glTF Working Group meeting.
- **Chapter 2**: Documenting Discussions (1:22:43 - 1:34:58)
    - Participants discuss the importance of documenting the discussions and requesting others to review and provide feedback.
    - Mention of Omi's plan to graduate the project.
    - The difficulty of making major feedback as the process progresses.
    - The need for others to explain concepts in their own words.
    - Request for thorough comments and review on the issue.
- **Chapter 3**: Trigger and Behavior Graphs (1:36:01 - 1:41:48)
    - Discussion on the need for triggers and behavior graphs in glTF.
    - Reference to a transcription of a video from Microsoft regarding interactivity and behavior graphs.
- **Chapter 4**: Strategies for Faster Progress (1:46:58 - 1:49:53)
    - Discussion on strategies to accelerate progress in working groups, specifically in the glTF group.
    - Mention of the need to find time to work on audio-related tasks.
    - Importance of thorough checking and comparing with other standards.
- **Chapter 5**: Audio Extensions and Naming (1:50:30 - 1:57:54)
    - Discussion on audio extensions and their naming conventions.
    - Reference to the HR Audio extension in progress in Kronos.
    - Explanation of Kronos' extension naming scheme.
- **Chapter 6**: Recommendations and Documentation (2:00:08 - 2:02:52)
    - Discussion on the importance of making recommendations and supporting them with documentation.
    - Request for an argument supporting the inclusion of audio features.
    - Discussion on any additional topics or demonstrations.
- **Chapter 7**: Miscellaneous (2:04:00 - 2:10:00)
    - Participants leave comments on specific issues.
    - Mention of trying to join Kronos meetings to influence decision-making.
    - Discussion on the correct formatting of certain terms.
    - Farewells and closing remarks.


Please note that the chapter divisions are based on the major topics and discussions mentioned in the transcript.

## Notes
- Group meeting discussing various topics.
- Discussion about documenting and writing notes.
- Mention of Omi's plan on graduating something.
- Feedback on a two-pronged approach.
- Acknowledgment that this is just the first step of a process.
- Minor feedback mentioned.
- Request for others to review and comment on an issue.
- Link shared for reference.
- Discussion on triggers and their purpose.
- Mention of a transcription of a video regarding interactivity and behavior graphs.
- Question about other topics to discuss.
- Discussion on the importance of interoperability and standardization.
- Strategies to reach consensus faster.
- Reminder to take time and check the details.
- Discussion on audio and reverberation.
- Mention of the KHR Audio extension and its implementation.
- TLDR (too long, didn't read) changing.
- Link shared for reference.
- Discussion on static bodies and physics.
- Request to leave comments on specific issues.
- Plural forms of words discussed.
- Mention of trying to attend Kronos meetings.
- Clarification on the spelling of "rigid body".
- Goodbyes exchanged.