# OMI 7-12-23

[toc]

## AI meeting summary
The transcript begins with a discussion about the OMF discord being quiet and the desire to build bridges. The idea of collaborating on grants for the metaverse is brought up, and LMS is mentioned as a potential partner. There is then a brief interruption due to microphone issues. The meeting officially starts with introductions from various participants who are interested in interoperable open source game development and building standards for the metaverse. Value alignment between organizations is emphasized, particularly with M3. There are discussions about collaborations and bridging gaps between different groups within the metaverse community. Research on digital citizenship in the public sphere related to the metaverse is also mentioned. Updates on previous meetings regarding MSF (Metaverse Standards Forum) approval and confusion around migrating to a new open collective page are provided.

In summary, this part of the transcript covers discussions about collaboration, introductions from participants interested in game development and standardization for the metaverse, value alignment between organizations like Omi and M3, research plans related to digital citizenship in the metaverse, updates on MSF approval status, and confusion surrounding migration to a new open collective page.

The speaker expresses confusion and concerns about an account termination process that may affect their ability to apply for grants. They discuss the possibility of registering a similar company and seek help with monthly receipts. They also mention updates on a new landing page and improvements to their website. The speaker proposes sponsoring GitHub copilot business accounts, and they plan to take it to a vote. The scope is discussed, including making it available for up to ten people at $19 per person per month.

## Summary

During the discussion, the team decided to trial having up to two seats for a certain task and mentioned that they can add more if needed. They also discussed voting on approving these seats and emphasized the importance of being considerate when spending money. The team then moved on to discuss grants and funding opportunities for an open-source project, with one member sharing their experience in developing avatar generators and starting points for games. They expressed interest in creating grants or aligning with existing ones to support projects focused on interoperability and open standards. Additionally, they mentioned organizing implementation hackathons as a way to incentivize builders and provide financial rewards.

The speaker discusses the challenges of starting a business or working in open source while being locked down due to IP agreements with major companies. They propose using real-world examples and operational processes to solve these problems. The idea of grants and game jams is mentioned as a way to align project goals and provide support. The conversation also touches on the importance of community engagement, including the use of cash prizes to create excitement and momentum. Several demos are showcased, including an export settings dialog in Godot engine and a visualization tool for meeting notes in Omi Archive GitHub page. The discussion concludes with gratitude for participants' involvement and plans to explore GitHub copilot.

## Action items
Follow-ups and Action Items from the Transcript:

- Follow up on the status of the Omi Group's fiscal sponsorship application for a 501(c)(3) status.
- Resolve the confusion around the Open Collective update and the process of transferring funds and setting up a new page.
- Seek help with managing monthly receipts and ensure that they are submitted on time to avoid service disruptions.
- Explore the possibility of hiring someone to handle administrative tasks, such as managing receipts and other administrative responsibilities.
- Discuss and vote on the proposal to sponsor GitHub Copilot business accounts for dedicated online volunteers.
- Document the discussions and ideas shared during the meeting, such as grants for interoperability and Unity projects, and the potential for implementation hackathons.
- Create a grant or align with existing grants to support projects like Boombox Heads' open-source game development efforts.
- Consider funding and organizing implementation hackathons to incentivize and reward builders and foster community engagement.
- Set up an experiment or repository to document and develop the ideas discussed during the meeting.
- Share the new export settings dialog for Godot Engine's glTF export functionality and gather feedback.
- Share the progress on the Omi world created in Hyperfi and explore the possibility of adding links to the Omi Group website or other relevant resources.
- Ensure that the agenda for future meetings is created in advance and provide a space for participants to request time for demos or presentations.

Please note that this is a summary of the follow-ups and action items discussed in the transcript.

## Outline
Chapter 1: Introduction to the Weekly Meeting
00:27 - 02:26
The meeting starts with a brief introduction and recording of the session.
Participants are asked to introduce themselves and share their affiliation with Omi.
Chapter 2: Discussion on Meeting Management and Documentation
05:16 - 13:47
The team discusses the importance of being on the same page and managing tasks and discussions effectively.
They mention using a template for note-taking and recap of each meeting.
The use of collaborative tools like HackMD is recommended for asynchronous discussions.
The team emphasizes the value of adding notes and comments to the shared document.
Chapter 3: Update on Research Project
14:40 - 16:23
One of the participants shares an update on their research project related to digital citizenship in the public sphere and the role of the metaverse.
They mention discussing it further in upcoming agendas.
Chapter 4: Monthly Receipts and Documentation
17:04 - 25:11
The team discusses the monthly receipts and provides an overview of the new version of their Splash README document.
They explain the structure of the document and how it showcases different protocols and examples.
The team encourages others to use a similar format for their own projects.
Chapter 5: Grant Proposal and Collaboration
25:28 - 40:31
The discussion shifts towards creating a grant or aligning with existing grants to support projects like Boombox Heads.
The team explores the idea of using real-world exemplars and creating operational processes based on their findings.
They mention the need for scoping down the project and documenting its requirements and timeline.
The team discusses the potential for bridging the gap between current protocols and future goals.
They consider the importance of documenting their discussions and involving the entire group in the decision-making process.
Chapter 6: Tools and Demos
43:30 - 52:55
The team discusses tools for documentation and collaboration, such as adding copyright statements and creating interactive spaces for notes.
They mention the possibility of using AI bots to summarize discussions and facilitate contributions.
The team encourages participants to share their demos and suggests reaching out to be included in future agendas.

Note: The chapter divisions are based on the major topics discussed in the transcript. The timestamps provided indicate the approximate start and end times for each chapter.

## Notes
- Weekly meeting number 115
- Introductions for first-time attendees
- Adding notes from last week to the standard template
- Recap of the meeting available in a Markdown document
- Discussion about standards and not attacking or pointing fingers
- Homework completed, emails sent
- Blocked on a response, waiting for confirmation
- Monthly receipts discussed
- Comments made
- Links provided to websites and open collective
- Protocols showcased on the website
- Mapping effort discussed, Lang chain integration mentioned
- Voting on a simple topic
- Discussion about directing people to resources and meeting notes
- Proposal to create a grant or align with one for Boombox Heads
- Bridging the gap between current protocol and desired changes
- Documenting ideas for customization options
- Simplified spaces created for faster information retrieval
- Spatializing notes into a topography-based layout
- Downloading and visualizing meeting notes
- Collaborative and interactive space
- Working on creating the agenda in advance
- Invitation for further discussion