# OMI 8-9-23

[toc]


## AI meeting summary

Today is the 119th consecutive weekly meeting of Omi, a diverse collective focused on making the Metaverse interoperable. They explore ways to build bridges with other platforms and organizations. Anyone can join as long as they abide by the working agreement. They work with groups like Kronos Group and Metaverse Standards Forum. Newcomer Jeff introduces himself as a business owner passionate about building in the Metaverse. The group discusses plans for a Metaverse festival and using Omi protocols like Omi Seat. They also discuss administrative matters such as switching fiscal sponsors and upcoming elections for new chairs. They aim to merge their W3C page with their existing channels and update resources for newcomers.

- The speaker discusses the protocols and features on their website that make it easier to understand what they're trying to do.
- They mention seeking implementers and collaborators for their community.
- There is renewed interest in creating an open source project called Metaverse Dev, which will share tutorials and documentation on how to use different products. Companies can contribute their own documentation as well.
- The speaker proposes using Fireflies, an app that transcribes meetings efficiently and generates useful snippets of information. They believe it would streamline content creation efforts and enhance transparency.
- They discuss the pricing options for Fireflies and how it could be integrated into their workflow through uploading recordings for transcription.
- Overall, the transcript covers discussions about protocols, collaboration opportunities, a proposed open source project called Metaverse Dev, and the potential integration of Fireflies for meeting transcription.
- The team discusses the possibility of purchasing a tool and decides to push it to a vote. They plan on making an annual payment for easier management. They discuss the voting process and encourage everyone to provide feedback. The proposal is approved, and access will be granted soon. They also talk about integrating Magic with Firefox and Discord, as well as building VRM personalities using Omi personality. There's also a discussion about creating vehicles for a virtual festival, sponsorship packages, and collaboration with other platforms like Unreal Engine. The team explores the possibilities of different vehicle properties and extensions in glTF format.
- The speaker discussed uploading a blend file for GLB and the process of setting it up with separate wheels. They mentioned the importance of keeping the design generic and valuing accessibility to cool projects. The speaker also proposed building a carriage wagon as an example of interop, paying homage to pioneers, and creating a fun buildathon theme. They expressed interest in creating a balloon float vehicle like Macy's Parade and invited further discussion on outreach efforts. The goal is to have tangible examples that show their ideas are not just concepts but actually happening. The conversation touched on the idea of portals in different metabolite communities' virtual worlds and making metaverse interoperability simple and boring for widespread adoption. Finally, they concluded the discussion by offering collaboration opportunities through Discord.

## Action items
Based on the transcript, here are the follow-ups and action items mentioned:

- Explore Fireflies app for transcription and note-taking during meetings. Jeff proposed using Fireflies, an app that can transcribe meetings efficiently and generate useful snippets of information. The action item is to test and evaluate the app to determine its usefulness for generating meeting notes and transcriptions.
- Create a proposal to purchase the Fireflies app. Jeff presented a proposal to purchase the Fireflies app for transcription and note-taking purposes. The action item is to vote on the proposal and decide whether to proceed with the purchase.
- Merge the Omi community on Discord with the Omi community on the W3C page. It was mentioned that there are differences between the community members on Discord and those who joined through the W3C page. The action item is to close the gap between the two communities and ensure that information is shared effectively across both platforms.
- Hold a new election for Omi chairs. It was mentioned that an election is due soon to select new chairs for Omi. The action item is to initiate a call for nominations and hold a vote to determine the new chairs.
- Plan and organize a Metaverse Festival. The group discussed the idea of organizing a Metaverse Festival to showcase the work of Omi and other platforms. The action item is to plan and coordinate the festival, including the involvement of other organizations and the creation of interactive booths and vehicles.
- Test Magic for building Discord bots. The group mentioned the potential of using Magic for building Discord bots and encouraged members to experiment with the platform. The action item is for interested members to reach out for access to Magic and test its capabilities.
- Improve documentation and governance structure. It was suggested to improve the documentation of Omi's governance structure and the responsibilities of the chairs. The action item is to create clear guidelines and documentation that outline the governance structure and the roles of the chairs.
- Test vehicle integration with different platforms. The group discussed the possibility of integrating Omi vehicles with other platforms like Unreal Engine and the mirror platform. The action item is to explore the compatibility and integration possibilities with different platforms and discuss the potential collaborations.
- Establish structured tiers and sponsorship packages for participation in the Metaverse Festival. It was proposed to have different tiers and sponsorship packages for participation in the festival, allowing builders to receive compensation for their work. The action item is to define the different tiers and sponsorship packages and communicate them to potential participants.
- Create guidelines for portals and interconnection with other virtual worlds. The group discussed the idea of having guidelines for portals and interconnection with other virtual worlds to encourage collaboration and easy navigation between different platforms. The action item is to establish guidelines and standards for portals and interconnection.

Please note that this is a comprehensive list of the follow-ups and action items mentioned in the transcript.

## Outline
Based on the provided transcript, I will create an outline with chapters and include timestamps for reference. Here is the outline:
Chapter 1: Introduction to Omi
Timestamp: 00:05
Description: The 119th consecutive weekly meeting of Omi, or the Open Metaverse Interoperability Group, is introduced.
Chapter 2: Introductions and Group Affiliations
Timestamp: 01:40
Description: Attendees are given the opportunity to introduce themselves and share their reasons for attending the meeting and their group affiliations.
Chapter 3: Coordination for Sharing Links
Timestamp: 02:47
Description: Plans are made to coordinate and share links when going live.
Chapter 4: Action Items for the Day
Timestamp: 03:20
Description: The agenda for the meeting includes discussions on planning and updates on Open Collective.
Chapter 5: Champions Call Discussions
Timestamp: 05:05
Description: The main topics discussed during the Champions Call are Open Collective and the need to make the discussions easily accessible.
Chapter 6: Governance Structure and Chair Responsibilities
Timestamp: 10:39
Description: The group discusses the need for clear documentation on the governance structure of Omi and the responsibilities of the chair.
Chapter 7: Improving Entryways to Omi
Timestamp: 13:52
Description: The group aims to improve the clarity and accessibility of information about Omi on the W3C page and other entryways.
Chapter 8: Call for Participation and Proposal Templates
Timestamp: 18:28
Description: Instructions are provided on how to propose projects or ideas for the community to work on using the Call for Participation and Proposal templates.
Chapter 9: Festival-related Discussion
Timestamp: 20:22
Description: A discussion about the festival takes place, with participants sharing their thoughts and questions.
Chapter 10: Proposal for Using Fireflies for Content Creation
Timestamp: 21:50
Description: A proposal is presented to use Fireflies, a tool that can transcribe meetings and generate useful snippets of information for content creation.
Chapter 11: Fireflies Workflow and Logistics
Timestamp: 29:04
Description: Logistics and workflows for using Fireflies are discussed, including uploading recordings for transcription and reviewing and adding notes to discussions on GitHub.
Chapter 12: Benefits of Using Fireflies
Timestamp: 25:50
Description: The benefits of using Fireflies for transcription and content creation are highlighted, including enhanced transparency and knowledge sharing.
Chapter 13: Exploration of Podcasts and Visual Enhancements
Timestamp: 39:09
Description: Ideas are shared about creating podcasts with fictional characters and using visual enhancements like neon overlays.
Chapter 14: Collaboration and Builders' Services
Timestamp: 45:03
Description: The importance of collaboration and the potential involvement of builders' services in creating projects is discussed.
Chapter 15: Conclusion
Timestamp: 52:58
Description: The meeting concludes, and plans for future conversations and collaborations are mentioned.

Please note that the outline is based solely on the provided transcript, and some sections may require further context for a more accurate representation.

## Notes
- The meeting is the 119th consecutive weekly meeting.
- They discussed Open Collective during the Champions Call.
- There were clear instructions given for the next steps.
- The Champions Notes are usually in discussions for the record.
- Robert was spoken to through chat recently.
- There was a question about the bio in the chat.
- They are considering different options for the chair position.
- They want to improve the W Three C page and bridge the different versions of Omi.
- They discussed adding information to a channel.
- They restructured the W Three C page a few months ago.
- They want to make it easier to understand how to get involved and contribute.
- They encourage submissions for participation and research projects.
- They have templates for submitting issues and calls for participation.
- If someone is lost and wants to know where to share something, they can message someone for guidance.
- There is a proposal for using Fireflies to transcribe meetings and generate blog content.
- Fireflies can transcribe meetings efficiently and provide useful snippets of information.
- They provided an example of a transcribed meeting using Fireflies.
- Fireflies can create outlines and provide clickable timestamps.
- They mentioned the ability to generate blogs based on the meeting discussions.
- They discussed the cost and logistics of using Fireflies for transcription.
- They mentioned the possibility of automating the workflow for uploading recordings to be transcribed.
- They want to ensure the accuracy and relevance of the generated transcriptions.
- They mentioned their interest in doing podcasts with fictional characters.
- There was a vision shared for a cross-platform recording system.
- They mentioned a lot of fields and Eastern time.
- They wanted to share a few things.