# OMI 8-2-23

[toc]

## AI meeting summary
The transcript is a recording of a meeting discussing various topics related to the design and promotion of interoperable open protocols for the metaverse. The participants are exploring ideas for funding, including a potential metaverse festival. They discuss creating booths and vehicles in different platforms like Omi and Fortnite. There are updates from different groups within the organization, such as VRM, Media Group, and Avatar Group. The conversation also touches on making documentation more accessible and organizing meetings effectively to ensure productivity.

In this part of the transcript, the discussion revolves around various topics. The Avatar Interrupt Group discusses wearable challenges and how Fireflies.ai is used for real-time transcription and summarization. The group also considers using meeting recordings to create blog posts. Another topic discussed is the meeting with the Kronos group, where they decided that the spec should be big and flexible. There are updates on Omi specs and plans to converge them into KHR physics. The conversation then shifts to metaverse happenings, VR chat world-building, and creating awareness through virtual events. The team also talks about laying off members from Third Room and sustaining open metaverse communities. They discuss building floats in upcoming Omi meetings and experiments with Omi personality by Metamike. Finally, they mention adding night mode to virtual worlds and sharing blend files for download during meetings.

## Summary

The discussion in this part of the transcript revolves around the identity and ownership of a bot called Omibot. There are also talks about creating tutorials, organizing workshops, and revitalizing the OMF (Open Metaverse Foundation) community. The participants express their opinions on collaboration, funding, and building bridges between different groups. Additionally, there is mention of attending conferences and hosting an open metaverse conference themselves to celebrate builders and artists.

- The location is fresh in people's minds because of SIGGRAPH, presenting an opportunity to create content within this scene.
- Suggestions are made to replace ads with different groups and projects or host virtual meetups during SIGGRAPH.
- It is proposed to promote events and meetups around SIGGRAPH through various channels.
- Creating a vehicle model using Linux Tux as a test is discussed. Wheels and a body are added to make it work.
- Appreciation is expressed for those who run the calls and offer fresh voices, with an invitation for others to do the same next week.
- There is a need for someone to organize the next media meetup, potentially spearheaded by Jimmy Six. Evo offers attendance support but cannot organize it themselves currently.
- Plans are made to find a suitable time for the media channel meetup in Omi Media Channel.
- A comment about fixing seating arrangements and tattoo placement on someone's float concludes the transcript.

## Action items
Based on the transcript, here are the follow-ups and action items:

- Copy and paste the agenda for meeting number one one eight. (00:10)
- Create a thread for discussion on funding ideas. (00:59)
- Explore the idea of a metaverse festival to build community within other metaverse communities. (02:08)
- Share the Omi vehicle blend file for easy collaboration. (03:28)
- Share the Sketchfab link for the Omi booth templates. (05:08)
- Work on designing and promoting interoperable open protocols for the metaverse. (01:23)
- Research experiments and funding opportunities. (01:53)
- Start building the metaverse festival and create a cool world for it. (05:50)
- Add seating and modify the booths to make them more interactive. (05:33)
- Consider creating a tutorial world for building parade floats. (28:30)
- Revitalize the OMF (Open Metaverse Foundation) and collaborate with other groups. (35:46)
- Explore the possibility of hosting an Open Metaverse Conference. (45:06)
- Plan a virtual meetup during SIGGRAPH and promote it as an event. (47:29)
- Upload a blend file for creating Tux-themed vehicles. (48:39)
- Organize the next media meetup and find a time that works for everyone. (51:23)

Please note that these are inferred action items based on the transcript and may not represent the complete list.

## Outline
Based on the transcript, here is an outline with chapters and corresponding timestamps:

Chapter 1: Introduction and Agenda Setting
00:02 - Recording starts
00:05 - Meeting number and agenda mentioned
00:18 - Genre roll and agenda discussion
00:39 - Introduction to agenda items
Chapter 2: Updates and Discussion on Omi Notes and Meetings
01:05 - Transition to updates and comments
01:21 - Sharing a thread in the chat
01:59 - Discussion on funding
02:12 - Generating more awareness for Omi notes and meetings
03:34 - Sharing Omi notes to Sketchfab
04:54 - Demonstrating the quick assembly of concepts
05:08 - Sharing a Sketchfab link
05:22 - Emphasizing the speed of collaboration
06:04 - Going over different group updates
Chapter 3: Improving Accessibility and Knowledge Sharing
06:39 - Acknowledging the importance of collaboration
07:42 - Mentioning the opportunity for collaboration
08:22 - Discussion on making notes and documentation more accessible
10:57 - Addressing the challenge of knowledge accessibility
11:23 - Proposing spatializing notes and documentation
Chapter 4: Media and Content Creation
12:02 - Participant expressing interest in discussing media organization
12:46 - Setting up a process for porting characters into a virtual studio
13:31 - Exploring the possibility of producing live content
14:26 - Offering assistance and scheduling meetings
15:11 - Describing an example of a live-streamed talk show
16:34 - Discussing wearable challenges and recording the meeting
Chapter 5: Collaboration and Documentation
17:47 - Proposal to use meeting recordings for blog posts
18:15 - Requesting updates from the glTF group
19:12 - Discussion on Omi specs and Microsoft specs alignment
20:38 - Recap of updates and positive outcomes
21:21 - Inviting participants to share their work
Chapter 6: Creating Simulations and Tutorials
23:12 - Participant sharing work on an animatronic scene
25:54 - Idea to create a simulation and tell the story of open metaverse communities
26:30 - Highlighting the need to explain the impact of their work
28:23 - Sharing notes and suggesting continuation of previous work
Chapter 7: Workshop and Collaboration
28:53 - Proposing a working session and creating templates
29:16 - Encouraging participation and emoji responses
31:48 - Sharing a blend file for download
33:08 - Considering turning the world into a tutorial
33:54 - Planning to create a one-pager for workshops
36:11 - Discussing collaboration and the importance of sharing
Chapter 8: Outreach and Engagement
38:18 - Discussing collaboration with other groups
39:08 - Considering the mission and financial aspects
41:15 - Requesting engagement from Kronos and MSF
42:10 - Exploring ways to increase information density
46:57 - Proposal to involve a broader audience in the project
Chapter 9: Conclusion and Next Steps
49:38 - Wrapping up the discussion
50:32 - Mentioning the availability of a blend file
50:43 - Requesting feedback for next week's meeting
51:10 - Assigning responsibility for scheduling the next meeting

Please note that the outline is based on the context provided in the transcript and may not capture all the nuances of the conversation.

## Notes
Meeting number: 118
Agenda:
Updates and comments
Discussing experiments to generate more awareness of Omi notes and meetings
Making knowledge more accessible by spatializing notes and documentation
Idea compression
Plans for the meeting:
Updates and comments
Discussing experiments to generate more awareness of Omi notes and meetings
Making knowledge more accessible by spatializing notes and documentation
Idea compression
Addressing media organization
Setting up a process to easily port characters into a virtual studio
Producing live content and later clipping it for VOD
Offer to help with media-related tasks on a scheduled basis
Updates and comments
Discussing experiments to generate more awareness of Omi notes and meetings
Making knowledge more accessible by spatializing notes and documentation
Idea compression
Addressing media organization
Setting up a process to easily port characters into a virtual studio
Producing live content and later clipping it for VOD
Proposal for a workshop working session to create floats with provided templates
Updates and comments
Discussing experiments to generate more awareness of Omi notes and meetings
Making knowledge more accessible by spatializing notes and documentation
Idea compression
Addressing media organization
Setting up a process to easily port characters into a virtual studio
Producing live content and later clipping it for VOD
Question about where meeting recordings are stored
Updates and comments
Discussing experiments to generate more awareness of Omi notes and meetings
Making knowledge more accessible by spatializing notes and documentation
Idea compression
Addressing media organization
Setting up a process to easily port characters into a virtual studio
Producing live content and later clipping it for VOD
Idea to create a one-pager flyer with instructions on how to make a workshop
Updates and comments
Discussing experiments to generate more awareness of Omi notes and meetings
Making knowledge more accessible by spatializing notes and documentation
Idea compression
Addressing media organization
Setting up a process to easily port characters into a virtual studio
Producing live content and later clipping it for VOD
Emphasis on the importance of community collaboration and sharing
Updates and comments
Discussing experiments to generate more awareness of Omi notes and meetings
Making knowledge more accessible by spatializing notes and documentation
Idea compression
Addressing media organization
Setting up a process to easily port characters into a virtual studio
Producing live content and later clipping it for VOD
Mention of efforts to collaborate with other groups and promote interoperability
Updates and comments
Discussing experiments to generate more awareness of Omi notes and meetings
Making knowledge more accessible by spatializing notes and documentation
Idea compression
Addressing media organization
Setting up a process to easily port characters into a virtual studio
Producing live content and later clipping it for VOD
Desire to increase the density of information and visualize the bigger picture
Updates and comments
Discussing experiments to generate more awareness of Omi notes and meetings
Making knowledge more accessible by spatializing notes and documentation
Idea compression
Addressing media organization
Setting up a process to easily port characters into a virtual studio
Producing live content and later clipping it for VOD
Opportunities to create content and promote virtual presence from outside circles
Updates and comments
Discussing experiments to generate more awareness of Omi notes and meetings
Making knowledge more accessible by spatializing notes and documentation
Idea compression
Addressing media organization
Setting up a process to easily port characters into a virtual studio
Producing live content and later clipping it for VOD
Request for someone to spearhead scheduling a time for next week's meeting