# OMI 8-23-23

[toc]

## AI meeting summary
The speaker in the transcript discusses various topics related to a meeting. They mention the agenda for the meeting and ask if there is anything urgent to discuss. The speaker introduces their group, which focuses on bridging virtual worlds and plans to organize a metaverse festival next year. They also discuss contacting Virtual Burners and collaborating with them. The conversation moves on to setting a date for the metabolism festival, considering preferences and avoiding clashes with other events. There is also a discussion about hosting online communities for XR developers to share their work through in-world events. OpenSim conference is mentioned as an example of such an event. Finally, they talk about different platforms that facilitate web-based virtual events and emphasize the importance of interoperability in web worlds.

## Action items
From the transcript, here are the follow-ups and action items that can be inferred:

- Contact Virtual Burners: There was a discussion about reaching out to Virtual Burners, a group that organized a virtual burn event in 2020. The purpose of contacting them is to learn from their experience and explore potential collaboration opportunities. It was mentioned that Evo might have contacts within the Virtual Burners community.
- Determine Date Range for Metabolism Festival: The group discussed setting a date range for the Metabolism Festival, which is planned for October of next year (2024). The preference was for mid-October, taking into consideration factors such as the end of the tourist season and the return of university researchers. The exact dates would be decided later.
- XR Feedback from M Three Demo Day: There was a mention of providing feedback on the M Three demo day, which presumably involved XR (Extended Reality) technology. It is unclear what specific feedback is being referred to, but it seems that someone named Jen may have insights to share.
- Identify Online Communities for XR Devs: The group expressed interest in knowing if there are other online communities that bring together VR (Virtual Reality) developers from different projects to have in-world events. It was suggested that such events could be hosted by Omi, and examples of existing communities like the OpenSim Conference and Metatraversal were mentioned. Further exploration and research are needed to identify more communities.

Please note that the transcript does not provide explicit confirmation of these action items or their outcomes. The information is based on the discussions and questions raised during the meeting.

## Outline
Based on the transcript, here is an outline with chapters and corresponding timestamps:
Chapter 1: Introduction and Agenda
Timestamp: 37:43-38:29
Discussion about the purpose of the meeting and the focus of the Open Metaverse Interoperability Group
Chapter 2: Urgent Matters
Timestamp: 39:11-39:18
Request for urgent matters to be discussed before moving on to the agenda items
Chapter 3: Recap of Last Week's Meeting
Timestamp: 39:19-39:29
Inquiry about whether there were any notes or recordings from the previous meeting
Chapter 4: Media Group and Virtual Burners
Timestamp: 39:48-41:27
Discussion about reaching out to Virtual Burners to learn from their experience in the 2020 Multiverse initiative and the possibility of collaboration
Chapter 5: Metabolism Festival
Timestamp: 42:03-43:27
Proposal to hold the Metabolism Festival in mid-October 2024 and consideration of other preferences and potential clashes
Chapter 6: XR Feedback and Online Communities
Timestamp: 44:08-46:51
Discussion about providing XR feedback from the M Three demo day and exploring the idea of hosting online events for XR developers from different projects
Chapter 7: OpenSim Conference and WebXR
Timestamp: 47:53-49:42
Conversation about the OpenSim Conference as a platform for virtual events and the potential advantages of using WebXR for interop and flexibility
Chapter 8: Reaching out to Other Groups
Timestamp: 50:06-50:56
Mention of the Metatraversal group and their series of events as a potential collaboration opportunity

Please note that the chapter divisions are subjective and based on the content discussed in the transcript.

## Notes
- The group is focused on bridging virtual worlds and designing protocols for identity, social graphs, and inventory.
- They are planning a big metaverse festival in October 2024.
- They want to get in touch with Virtual Burners to learn from their experience with the 2020 Multiverse initiative.
- They want to know what worked for the Virtual Burners and if they can collaborate.
- They are considering hosting in-person conferences in the Zors about community and digital public spheres.
- They are discussing possible dates for the metabolism festival, leaning towards mid-October.
- They are exploring the idea of hosting online events for XR devs to share their work.
- They mention the Open SIM conference and Mozilla Hubs as examples of virtual environments for events.
- They discuss the advantages of web-based solutions for interoperability between virtual worlds.
- They mention the Metatraversal group as another potential group to reach out to.
- Keyframe provides a quick update, but the details are not provided in the transcript.