# OMI 11-2-22

###### omi

[toc]

## AI meeting summary
In this part of the transcript, the discussion revolves around various topics. Some key points include:

- Mentioning Frame as a potential platform for meetings.
- Discussing the scalability of Frame and its limitations due to web RTC issues.
- Highlighting that Frame is not yet consumer-ready but has interesting potential.
- Praising the features and quality of Frame, such as virtual tours and embedded browsing.
- Exploring different approaches to multiplayer capabilities in platforms like RP One and Croquet.
- Considering how offering scalable multiplayer as a service could attract more adoption.
- Describing plans for a WordPress plugin with multiplayer functionality and open-source options.
- Expressing appreciation for Good Guy Anthony's approach in providing free resources while still having a business model.
- These discussions also touch on other topics like GitHub automation, integrating WordPress functionalities, backlog grooming, and archiving irrelevant or stale tickets.

The speaker discusses the new phase of OMI and their efforts to attract talented individuals with skills in project management, operations, and agile. They express the importance of being iterative and open to others' ideas. The backlog is in good shape, and they plan to sync with Cindy for improvement ideas. They encourage inviting diverse voices to contribute to Omi's growth. In the second part, they introduce LMI as a collective working towards an open metaverse. They invite newcomers to introduce themselves but receive no response. Updates from different working groups are mentioned, including MSF delegates discussing financing and opportunities for engagement posted on MSF channels. The UX Research group discusses portals and shares use cases related to solving problems within the metaverse space. Examples of collaborative synchronized activities such as dance improvisation and meditating in virtual spaces are discussed as potential areas for research.

The transcript discusses various topics, including OpenSim and HyperGrid safari travel. The participants also talk about the possibility of diversifying meeting times and holding a developer hour on Fridays. They discuss glTF extensions, particularly the Omi link extension, which is similar to portals. They mention creating a speakers form for community members to participate in events and panel discussions. The group also plans to work on media strategies, including a community brand guideline and a media kit. Additionally, they consider privacy concerns regarding storing contact information for event collaborations.

The transcript discusses various topics, including the use of forms for internal and private use only, providing names for public reference, gathering data for events, possible future changes in structure, using WordPress capabilities for websites, and scheduling a demo. It also briefly mentions meetings and events happening within different groups.

## Action items

Based on the transcript, here are the follow-ups and action items that were mentioned:

- Follow up with the MSF delegates meeting to discuss the possibility of creating a Good Guy Anthony role on the server.
- Explore the scalability potential of the Croquet platform for hosting thousands of users in a virtual space.
- Drop a link in the chat to share information about Frame, a platform for creating virtual tours and immersive experiences.
- Investigate running the Omi WordPress plugin from the Omi website to generate agendas for meetings and improve efficiency.
- Consider offering a monthly subscription for more resources or connections for the Omi WordPress plugin.
- Reach out to Good Guy Anthony to learn more about integrating WordPress with Omi and potentially creating a Good Guy Anthony role on the server.
- Schedule a demo of the capabilities of WordPress for the website group, potentially during the Champions meeting or another suitable time.
- Discuss the possibility of changing the Twitter strategy for Omi and how to effectively showcase what WordPress can do on social media platforms.
- Develop a speakers form and list for the community to participate in speaking engagements and events, and gather information to create a media kit for Omi.
- Explore the use of glTF extensions, such as portals, in the Omi ecosystem and discuss potential metadata and annotation features.
- Explore the use of motion capture files and avatar movements for collaboration and synchronized experiences in virtual spaces.
- Discuss the use of avatars in drum circles, meditation sessions, and other collaborative activities in virtual worlds.
- Coordinate with the media team to update the privacy policy and ensure that the use of personal information is clearly communicated.
- Discuss the use of WordPress plugins for job boards, task hosting, and guest blog articles, and consider creating a community brand guideline.
- Create a database or repository of speakers' information and topics they can speak on for future reference and collaboration.
- Consider creating a press list from the speakers' database for media inquiries and interviews.
- Schedule a demo of WordPress capabilities for the website group, potentially during the Champions meeting or another suitable time.
- Update the meeting time for next week's meeting to account for the time change in the Americas.
- Create a form for the website group to gather information on WordPress capabilities and features that the group could benefit from.

Please note that this is not an exhaustive list and some items may require further discussion and planning.

## Outline

Chapter 1: Introduction to the Weekly Agenda
Timestamp: 09:30
Description: The meeting starts with a welcome to the 80th weekly agenda, led by Humble Tim. He asks if anyone wants to add anything.
Chapter 2: Automating Discussion Creation
Timestamp: 10:01
Description: A technical topic is introduced regarding the automation of discussion creation using a backend. There is a plan to investigate running this from the Omigroup website to generate agendas on GitHub.
Chapter 3: Agenda Structure Improvement
Timestamp: 12:29
Description: The speaker mentions that the agenda is well-structured today, satisfying the needs of those who have been craving a clearer agenda. They also mention backlog grooming and promise to share detailed notes.
Chapter 4: Introductions and Diversity
Timestamp: 15:05
Description: The speaker emphasizes the importance of diverse voices in the meeting and invites new participants to introduce themselves within 30 seconds. The goal is to keep Omi growing, moving forward, and unlocking new potential.
Chapter 5: Working Group Updates
Timestamp: 17:04
Description: Quick updates are provided by the working groups, with a time limit of 4 minutes to avoid putting too much pressure on any one group. The meeting cadences are changing as the working groups take form.
Chapter 6: Media and Outreach
Timestamp: 39:06
Description: The discussion shifts to creating a speakers form and a list for the community to participate in events and panels. The goal is to have a great list of speakers from the community for various topics and events.
Chapter 7: Demo and Presentation Scheduling
Timestamp: 47:33
Description: The speaker mentions a ticket related to features that the group may benefit from. They propose scheduling a presentation/demo to explore the possibilities and gather ideas. The discussion involves finding a suitable time and using Google Forms for intake.
Chapter 8: Meeting Logistics and Feedback
Timestamp: 52:44
Description: The speaker invites comments and questions about the way the meetings are run. They suggest reaching out via message for any feedback or suggestions.
Chapter 9: Conclusion
Timestamp: 55:11
Description: The speaker concludes the meeting and expresses appreciation for the attendees.
Please note that this outline is a general summary based on the provided transcript. Some chapters may overlap or contain multiple subtopics.

## Notes
00:00: Introduction to a recording session.
02:53: Agreement to start recording.
09:30: Welcome to the 80th weekly agenda.
10:01: Discussion about a technical feature for automating creation of discussions.
11:54: Addition of a topic to the discussion notes.
12:47: Mention of backlog grooming and the need for a better term.
14:22: Plans to improve processes and try new ideas.
15:05: Introduction of participants in the meeting.
18:12: Discussion about various topics, including too many channels and speaking engagements.
19:48: Update on UX Research meeting and creation of a War Room for notes.
23:17: Mention of the importance of synchronized avatars in virtual experiences.
27:33: Uncertainty about the translation of certain activities into virtual experiences.
31:27: Proposal for a Friday afternoon creator hour.
36:21: Discussion about media-related updates and the need for a speakers form.
39:06: Goal of creating a list of speakers from the community for events.
40:03: Plans for the next media meeting to work on the media kit and using the speakers form.
41:40: Importance of updating the speakers database for conference organizers.
44:27: Consideration of privacy and anonymity in the speakers form.
46:34: Reference to learn more about a topic.
47:33: Mention of a ticket that raised questions about useful features for the group.
48:23: Agreement to schedule a presentation on potential features.
49:05: Suggestion to use something other than Google Forms for task management.
51:03: Notification about the meeting time in UTC for next week.
52:46: Invitation to provide feedback on meeting processes.
55:11: Confusion about a message.