# OMI 12-28-22

###### omi

[toc]


## AI Meeting Summary

- The speaker mentions a New Year's Eve concert and invites people to attend.
- They mention working with Brett Leonard on a project and express their admiration for him.
- The speaker talks about an XR wedding happening on New Year's in the Bay Area.
- They mention the possibility of demos and ask if anyone has one to share.
- The speaker discusses their excitement about upcoming announcements and offers to help promote projects.
- Omi is described as a collective focused on bridging virtual worlds through protocols in the metaverse.
- Updates are given from various working groups within Omi, including Metaverse Standards Forum delegates, UX Research Group, Scripting group, Omi Developer Hour, and glTF extensions group.
- In this part of the transcript, the speaker discusses their experience with developing an extension for physics shapes in glTF files. They mention that they received initial pushback on the idea but have since discovered that others have implemented similar extensions. The speaker expresses satisfaction with the progress made and mentions ongoing discussions with Microsoft to align their specifications. They also highlight the ease of implementation and flexibility of the extension they developed. Additionally, there are updates on open-source projects and documentation efforts, including creating videos for demos. The group emphasizes the importance of creating more content, such as blog posts and videos, to support community engagement and promote open Metaverse interoperability. There is mention of potential collaborations for organizing events and producing conference-related content in person or virtually using avatars.
- Last week's recap mentioned three main things: the ability to have watch parties for the open Metaverse conference, extended early bird ticket discounts for Omi community members, and the offer of one booth at the physical conference in LA to the Omi community. The focus should be on hosting watch parties without explicitly promoting it as a way to avoid paying for tickets. Additionally, plans are being made to connect multiple spaces and create a cohesive metaverse experience. There were also updates on various demos, such as a golf game and an upcoming cross-modality version of Puttclub IO.
- Liam discusses the need for more people to implement and provide feedback on physics standards. They have tried various physics options and want to discuss their experiences in person. They mention a problem with WebXR not working on Linux and seek help from others. A bug is found in Liam's game, but they are aware of it and plan to fix it with Rapier's character controller. Eva shares a demo of generative art using stable diffusion in a webexr room. The tool is still in development but can be used to introduce people to generative media. They also mention other social spaces being built by REM Five, including museums around anti-racism. Codefral shares a link for an experience running in Croquet that allows users to interact with objects and demonstrates attachment behavior using microverse and Croquet tools. Various features are discussed, such as private/public sessions, moderation, multiplayer capability, and compatibility across devices. RP One is mentioned as another project pushing the limits of multiplayer gaming. The session ends with gratitude for everyone's participation and support during the holiday season.

Summary: Liam discusses the need for more implementation of physics standards while mentioning different experiments they've tried so far; Eva presents a demo showcasing generative art using stable diffusion; Codefral demos an application allowing users to interact with objects; RP One project is mentioned as well.

## Action items
Follow-ups and Action Items:

- Follow up with MSF (Metaverse Standards Forum) regarding their tiered fee proposal and explore potential collaborations. This can be done by reaching out to Tim, Joyce, or any other relevant members of MSF.
- Explore the possibility of collaborating with the Ethereal engine team to further develop and improve the web-based golf game. This can be done by contacting Liam and discussing potential areas of collaboration.
- Connect with the Omi Developer Hour group to get updates on any major developments or progress made in their working group. This can be done by reaching out to the group members or attending their next meeting.
- Organize a meeting with the Omi website group to discuss the documentation and content creation for the Omi website. This can be done by coordinating with Avatar Joy and Funk Soup and finding a convenient time for the meeting.
- Share the video interview conducted with Avatar Joy and Brett Leonard during the pandemic in Hubs. This can be done by uploading the video to a suitable platform and sharing the link with the community.
- Collaborate with Mal to write a blog post highlighting the conversations and discussions from the Open Simulator Conference. This can be done by coordinating with Mal and gathering relevant information and insights from the conference.
- Reach out to Liam to discuss the physics extension in glTF and explore potential ways to collaborate and standardize the implementation. This can be done by contacting Liam and discussing the details of the extension.
- Coordinate with Evo and the Puttclub IO team to explore potential collaborations and provide feedback on the golf game. This can be done by testing the game and providing feedback to Evo and the team.
- Participate in the portal crawl in Simulacra IO and explore the generative art space. This can be done by visiting the website and joining the portal crawl using the provided code.
- Connect with REM Five to learn more about their generative art space and potentially collaborate on future projects. This can be done by reaching out to Brian Scolak and expressing interest in their work.
- Follow up with CodeFeral and explore the snow globe demo further. This can be done by joining the shared session using the provided link and participating in the demo.
- Reach out to RP One to stay updated on their project and upcoming demos. This can be done by keeping an eye on their website or social media channels for any announcements.

Overall, the follow-ups and action items from the transcript include exploring collaborations, participating in demos, providing feedback, and staying connected with various groups and individuals within the Omi community.

## Outline
Chapter 1: Introduction and Meeting Updates
Timestamp: 00:52 to 05:18
In this chapter, the meeting facilitator introduces the purpose of the meeting and mentions that it is the 80th consecutive weekly meeting. They also discuss the importance of giving updates from working groups and introducing new attendees to the community.
Chapter 2: Working Group Updates
Timestamp: 05:18 to 10:53
This chapter focuses on updates from various working groups, such as the Metaverse Standards Forum delegates, UX Research Group, Scripting Group, and Omi Developer Hour. The facilitator briefly summarizes the updates from each group.
Chapter 3: Discussions on Alternative Structures and Conversations
Timestamp: 06:55 to 09:25
In this chapter, the facilitator mentions that Humble Tim discussed some exploratory potential alternative structures that could be interesting for Omi to learn from. They also highlight the value of conversations between professionals and encourage participants to add their notes to the discussion.
Chapter 4: Content Creation and Sharing
Timestamp: 14:01 to 23:59
This chapter focuses on content creation and sharing. The facilitator mentions the possibility of creating a blog post and encourages participants to share quotes or participate in the portal coral. They also discuss creating more content and recommend using different formats such as VTubers or writing. Additionally, they mention a video that was published and suggest creating a quick blog post about it.
Chapter 5: Event Production and Conference Planning
Timestamp: 25:47 to 31:50
In this chapter, the facilitator discusses the need to manage and produce events together, particularly in relation to an upcoming conference. They mention a conversation thread for event production and invite participants to join in planning for the conference.
Chapter 6: Community Engagement and Participation
Timestamp: 30:43 to 33:23
This chapter focuses on community engagement and participation. The facilitator suggests creating a curatorial program to showcase multiple members or projects and encourages asynchronous participation. They also mention the possibility of participating in a golf game and a demo.
Chapter 7: Demonstrations and Discussions on Projects
Timestamp: 33:23 to 59:19
This chapter encompasses various demonstrations and discussions on different projects. It includes discussions on implementing physics standards, showcasing a golf game (E Puttclub IO), discussing generative art and media, and sharing a webexr room for stable diffusion. The facilitator encourages questions, comments, and feedback from participants.
Conclusion and Farewell
Timestamp: 59:19
The facilitator concludes the meeting, expresses gratitude to the participants, and wishes everyone a great weekend.

Please note that the chapter titles are inferred based on the content discussed in the respective timestamps.


## Notes
- Participants express their agreement with "Cool" and "All right" at the beginning.
- Someone is asked to add their name to a certain location.
- The speaker mentions the importance of not being shy and sharing any upcoming topics.
- Working group updates are mentioned, with a reminder that they were rushed last week.
- Participants are asked to introduce themselves, their group affiliation, and what brought them to Omi.
- The speaker encourages everyone to contribute notes and mentions the possibility of quick updates.
- The working groups mentioned are the Metaverse Standards Forum delegates, UX Research Group, and Scripting Group.
- The speaker acknowledges that they missed capturing part of the discussion.
- Someone spells out the word "H-U-L-L" because it was difficult to understand.
- A discussion about a "chicken or egg problem" is mentioned.
- There is a suggestion to standardize and document certain aspects.
- A suggestion is made to discuss a topic further after the meeting.
- The possibility of creating teams for quick updates is mentioned.
- A reference is made to a post in the chat.
- A request is made to add a link and a portal to something.
- The speaker mentions that they will write a blog post.
- Different media types, including avatars and writing, are mentioned.
- A video is mentioned, and the option of using it for a blog post is proposed.
- The speaker mentions the need to improve the sharing of avatar-based communications.
- There is a discussion about events and creating a specific channel for event-related conversations.
- The need to create a curatorial program is mentioned.
- A request is made to discuss something after the meeting.
- The speaker offers to shoot video during an upcoming event.
- A website is mentioned, and the speaker offers to show it from their desktop.
- There is an exercise to test hitting a target.
- The need for more people to implement a physics standard is mentioned.
- The topic of physics is discussed, with a suggestion to have an in-person conversation in February.
- A room called "Create" is mentioned.
- A prompt craft workshop is mentioned, along with the process of world building.
- A contact person is mentioned for questions about a specific project.
- Participants are invited to share their thoughts and ask questions.
- A demo of a certain project is proposed.
- A link is shared in the chat.
- Participants are able to tap on crates for a certain effect.
- The speaker expresses appreciation for the participants' engagement.