# OMI 11-1-22

###### omi


[toc]

## Summary

- The speaker discusses technical difficulties with the microphone and expresses excitement for a special backlog refinement session called "burning the backlog". They explain their intention to be training wheels for agile processes and express the need for better organization. The speaker mentions closing dead tickets to make way for a fresh start and highlights the importance of following processes. They discuss the challenges of navigating backlogs in different formats and attempt to sort them by last updated. The speaker goes through various tasks and discussions related to project management, decoupling scripting, MSF affiliations, and receiving feedback on their laughter.
- The speaker mentions their love for the original Mortal Kombat movie.
- They discuss uploading a video and remaking it on YouTube.
- There is a discussion about adding an extra day to complete a task.
- Sindhu had a different interpretation of the onboarding experience.
- The group considers creating an affiliation with MSF and adding their logo to the website.
- They discuss potential concerns about using copyrighted material and suggest creating a sketch instead.
- The importance of gathering diverse opinions from the community is mentioned.
- There is talk about creating a press kit or milestone for UX Research Group activities.
- The group is still forming and they haven't had a chance to go over something yet. They don't want to interrupt the UX meeting for it. They discuss whether discussions can be closed and consider moving the developer hour meeting to Jitsu. They explore forming a streaming team and discuss utilizing WordPress capabilities. There's a discussion about changing Omi leadership from Champions to a steering committee, but it gets postponed due to availability issues. The meeting is scheduled for November 4th at noon Pacific time, with some debate about time zones and daylight saving changes.
- Participants discuss the time difference caused by daylight savings and plan to attend a town hall at noon Eastern time.
- They debate the fairness of time zone differences and suggest moving the American time an hour later.
- There is a discussion about archiving issues and closing tasks in a project backlog.
- The conversation shifts to the concept of survivor bias and the importance of considering different opinions within the group.
- They talk about creating a Speakers Bureau and resourcing tasks within Omi Group.
- There is mention of streaming priorities, sponsorship, and follow-through on tasks.
- The transcript ends with a discussion about auditing bots in Omi Group.
- The team discusses the lack of interest in auditing for security and the potential risks associated with adding bots without scrutiny. They consider kicking out all the bots until they are audited or having a meeting with the bots to discuss their security status. The conversation ends with someone asking how to stop recording and wishing everyone a happy November.

## Action items
Based on the transcript, here are the follow-ups and action items:
- There is a need to check the operating instructions for the microphone and ensure it is recording properly. This is mentioned at 00:09, 00:14, and 00:26. The action item is to troubleshoot the microphone and ensure it is functioning correctly.
- The speaker mentions the intention to "burn the backlog" and improve operational processes at 01:17. The follow-up is to implement a process called "burning the backlog" to remove outdated and irrelevant tickets from the backlog. The action item is to review and close tickets that are no longer relevant or have not been touched in a long time.
- The speaker mentions the need for clearer documentation and organization of the repositories, backlogs, and projects at 02:45. The follow-up is to improve the documentation and organization of the repositories and backlogs to make it easier for newcomers to understand and contribute. The action item is to review and update the documentation and ensure consistency across the repositories.
- The speaker discusses the idea of forming a streaming team at 09:15. The follow-up is to explore the formation of a streaming team that can handle streaming-related tasks and responsibilities. The action item is to discuss this further and determine the feasibility and interest in forming a streaming team.
- There is a discussion about affiliating with the MSF (Metaverse Standards Foundation) and adding their logo to the Omi website at 21:15. The follow-up is to explore the process of affiliating with the MSF and adding their logo to the website. The action item is to gather more information about the affiliation process and consult with the website team on the feasibility and implementation.
- The speaker raises the topic of restructuring the Omi leadership from champions to a steering committee at 38:53. The follow-up is to discuss and explore the idea of restructuring the leadership structure of Omi to a steering committee. The action item is to bring this topic up for discussion during the next champions meeting and gather feedback and opinions from the community.
- The speaker mentions the need to address the issue of different time zones and the impact on meeting schedules at 41:30. The follow-up is to address the time zone issue and ensure clarity and consistency in meeting schedules. The action item is to discuss and decide on the best approach for handling time zone changes and communication around meeting schedules.
- The speaker suggests closing and archiving tasks and issues that are no longer relevant or have not been addressed at 47:58. The follow-up is to review and close tasks and issues that are no longer relevant or have been resolved. The action item is to close and archive these tasks and issues to keep the backlog organized and up to date.

Please note that these follow-ups and action items are based on the information provided in the transcript and may require further discussion and clarification.

## Outline
Based on the transcript provided, here is an outline with chapters and corresponding timestamps:

Chapter 1: Introduction and Apology
00:26 - Is it recording?
00:27 - Are we recording?
00:40 - I think we're recording, so if anybody ever watches this in the future sorry about that.
Chapter 2: Starting the Meeting
00:45 - All right, ready?
00:51 - Right out.
00:53 - We're starting right now.
00:54 - Welcome to another exciting edition of Backlog Refinement.
00:59 - I'm Mr.
Chapter 3: Burning the Backlog
01:07 - Hi.
01:17 - To do something called burning the backlog.
02:15 - I've largely taken on this responsibility of trying to keep it consistent and at least make our documentation make some form of sense, and I've done it with great pride.
02:56 - So if you look here, kind of hard to know what all this is.
03:12 - The UX Research Group, for example, in our kickoffs, I've been trying to just walk through our standard kickoff process and getting resilience on the standard kickoff process, like doing no README and setting up a backlog.
03:38 - In these backlogs isn't exactly a complete picture.
03:44 - Come in and help us get organized and have better operational processes, I don't want to waste their time.
Chapter 4: Meeting Notes
05:08 - Really should have meeting notes.
05:21 - A meeting notes is a good summary for those people who prefer to read rather than listen.
Chapter 5: Sharing Screenshots
06:02 - All right.
07:01 - So now we have this place here and this is an anchor point, so I can paste some screenshots from some of the work that we're doing.
07:09 - I guess one of the big things I want to call out is.
07:32 - Screenshot for posterity.
08:56 - I got a screenshot, little snippet about.
08:58 - What we've been talking about.
09:46 - Can to ensure ready to test out.
Chapter 6: Updating the Backlog Format
10:01 - A new, a potentially more refined approach.
10:33 - All right.
10:49 - So let's go to our master list.
10:51 - Here we'll go.
10:52 - To projects.
11:18 - All right, so here's our projects.
11:25 - Have many of our backlogs are in the old format of backlogs, whereas they now have this new format here.
Chapter 7: Adding Dates and Status
12:06 - Okay.
12:33 - I don't know.
12:55 - Date.
13:14 - Added the triple dots.
13:37 - These are all finished.
14:13 - Click on it, then type Done, and.
14:26 - There it is.
14:40 - Just add a date, see what happens.
Chapter 8: Task Updates
14:58 - Explore forming a stream.
15:45 - Not urgent.
15:57 - All right.
15:58 - Boom.
15:58 - Done.
15:59 - Next, schedule a session to talk about the UX research group formation.
16:03 - Research is formed.
16:04 - We're done.
16:08 - See next steps for decoupling the scripting.
16:20 - Some of this is being worked on.
16:31 - Humble Tim can speak on this.
16:33 - I don't know.
16:35 - Time box, two minutes.
17:46 - Okay.
Chapter 9: Archiving and Organizing
18:25 - Remake it on our own YouTube.
18:45 - Experience.
18:53 - Sindhu's experience of onboarding is that Sindhu is going to recruit members, champions from our group and have them talk to the person being joining Omi.
19:43 - I need to consensus here on this group.
20:01 - May I suggest that this may become relevant again?
20:15 - Yeah, archive it, but archive it softly so that we can find it again.
20:33 - Yeah, add some keywords.
20:35 - Just word of consciousness.
20:37 - Add some keywords.
20:41 - All right.
20:42 - A simple updated how-to guide for using our GitHub.
Chapter 10: Discussion and Decision-Making
21:15 - Do we want to do this?
21:30 - It looks like I wrote it but.
Chapter 11: Time Zones and Meeting Scheduling
22:42 - Access.
23:02 - If you don't, you can draw like a notepad, kind of sketch of what.
25:08 - Okay.
25:10 - All right.
25:42 - In my understanding, I guess without creating.
26:11 - Kronos group.
26:46 - Can find the diverse opinions for this and get them in writing so that we have an understanding what they are.
27:38 - Shadows, metaphors, field trip.
27:57 - I created them a milestone.
28:16 - No, this is UX Research then it's.
28:52 - But what I'm thinking for this group is to use milestones.
29:12 - And I said, this might be a really interesting problem statement for our UX

## Notes
Sure! Here are the shorthand bullet-point notes from the transcript:

- Discussion about recording and starting the session.
- Mention of Backlog Refinement and burning the backlog.
- Mention of the UX Research Group and standard kickoff process.
- Request for meeting notes for those who prefer reading.
- Discussion about an anchor point and pasting screenshots.
- Call out for a big thing.
- Snippet about what they have been talking about.
- Request for a link to be added later.
- Reference to old and new formats of backlogs.
- Explanation of adding items using the plus button.
- Uncertainty about a specific feature.
- Mention of date and clicking on something.
- Request for meeting notes and adding keywords.
- Request for a how-to guide for using GitHub.
- Mention of using Grammarly and principals.
- Mention of an undo feature and closing a task.
- Uncertainty about understanding a specific topic.
- Suggestion to find diverse opinions in writing.
- Mention of creating a template and using milestones.
- Discussion about a problem statement for the UX Research Group.
- Mention of a future headline method and future press release.
- Completion of recording a UX meeting.
- Uncertainty about a specific meeting.
- Suggestion to discuss something on a Wednesday call.
- Request to pick a day for a meeting.
- Uncertainty about tagging something.
- Suggestion to present an agenda for the meeting.
- Suggestion to communicate and talk to people.
- Mention of a meeting at noon.
- Discussion about time differences and local time reference.
- Acknowledgment of learning and making an effort.
- Confirmation of understanding.
- Request to make the status quo well defined.
- Mention of working through tasks.
- Uncertainty and request for clarification about a specific section.
- Request for admin access or control.
- Discussion about accuracy and point of view.
- Mention of survivor bias and team perspective.
- Uncertainty about expressing observations.
- Mention of Omi and how to refer to it.
- Request for guidance on public speaking.
- Request to finish speaking.
- Request for patience and another attempt.
- Completion of the session.

> Please note that these shorthand bullet-point notes are based solely on the information provided in the transcript and may not capture all the nuances or context of the conversation.