# OMI 7-26-23

[toc]

## AI meeting summary
- The participants discuss organizing a field trip in VR chat and share information about the world where the event will take place. They also mention a meeting with the Kronos group to discuss glTF physics. There is a discussion about creating a festival in October next year, with workshops, challenges, and fundraising. The festival aims to celebrate the global community while testing assets and protocols. Participants share ideas for the festival, including music showcases, photogrammetry of cities, and Burning Man-inspired art installations. Funding options are discussed, including potential support from MSF (Metaverse Scholars Fund). There is also mention of allowing various formats and licensing for assets used in the festival but emphasizing preference for open-source licenses like MIT Open Source License or Creative Commons licensing. Finally, advertising is considered as a revenue model for the festival but with an emphasis on balancing corporate ads with community ads through kiosks that give equal exposure to sponsors and nonprofit/opensource organizations.
- Avatar Joy, who has experience in Second Life, may have some code that could be used for the project. Fundraising is also a possibility through kiosks that provide information and raise funds simultaneously. The Epic Mega grant can be a potential funding route as it supports open source projects. It is important to clarify what will be open and available to everyone in terms of content licensing. Balancing commercial value with community-driven aspects is crucial, taking inspiration from the Burning Man tent principles. Collaboration with national entities and regional groups can help expand participation and representation in the event. Visual demonstrations showcasing corporate-sponsored events like parades can help convey the concept effectively. Creating 3D experience videos of meetings and demos can aid in promoting the event further. The use of art cars and collaborative crawls can generate interest and momentum within communities. Refining the festival concept instead of just a conference or parade seems more appealing to potential sponsors like Neil Trevitt at MSF (Metaverse Standards Foundation). Condensing relevant information into slides for presentations would facilitate collaborations across different communities.
- The transcript discusses various topics related to a virtual event, including engaging with the audience, organizing funding for projects, and planning a parade in the Open Metaverse. There is also mention of using different platforms and collaborating with other creator groups. The participants express enthusiasm for the event and discuss potential partnerships with organizations like Epic Games. Additionally, there is talk about creating an open metaverse playlist on YouTube to showcase relevant videos.
- The speaker suggests a 3D interactive version of going step by step through a process, like filing taxes, where at the end you have your own float. They mention that visually it could look like a library or video store. The conversation ends with farewells and an invitation to share any suggestions for next week's meeting.

## Action items
From the transcript, here are the follow-ups and action items that can be inferred:

- Organize a bigger field trip on Friday or another suitable day.
- Add the username 'Gin' on VR chat to join the field trip.
- Visit the world called "Vika 2023 summer" in the worlds tab of VR chat.
- The world is only available for a few more days.
- Attend the meeting with the top people at the Kronos group to discuss glTF physics.
- Share invites for the meeting with the Kronos group.
- Determine the extent to which people can be invited to the meeting.
- Explore how to assist in getting the message out about the meeting.
- Take the lead in assisting with the messaging for the meeting.
- Discuss feedback and notes from the previous meeting.
- Share any feedback or notes from the previous meeting.
- Schedule a meeting with the MSF (Metaverse Standards Foundation) to discuss funding ideas.
- Involve the MSF in fundraising efforts.
- Create a page on the Omi website for the festival and make it concise.
- Include different elements in the festival based on community input.
- Consider the community, testing protocols, and academic components in planning the festival.
- Compile a list of fundraising targets and seek support from MSF and other industry groups.
- Explore the possibility of inviting other communities, such as Korean and Japanese groups, to collaborate on the festival.
- Develop slides and content to pitch the festival to potential sponsors and collaborators.
- Consider hosting live build sessions for floats and involve different creator groups.
- Ensure compatibility with different platforms and use open standards like glTF and VRM.
- Reach out to potential sponsors, such as Epic Games and Mozilla, for support.
- Create a public playlist on YouTube called "Open Metaverse" to curate relevant content and showcase members of the community.
- Share the playlist with the Omi media team and encourage recommendations for additions.
- Explore the idea of creating interactive videos or wizards to guide participants in building their own floats.
- Design visually appealing spaces for the parade and workshops, such as a library or video store theme.

Please note that these are inferred action items based on the conversation in the transcript, and some details may vary or require further clarification.

## Outline
Outline with Chapters:
Chapter 1: Introduction to the Meeting
Timestamp: 00:07-00:20
Description: The meeting begins with a confirmation that the recording has started. The participants discuss their plans to organize a bigger field trip and mention the asset palette of booths created earlier.
Chapter 2: Feedback and Updates
Timestamp: 01:08-03:45
Description: The participants share feedback and updates, including a meeting with the Kronos group to discuss glTF physics. They also discuss how to assist in getting the message out and encourage participants to introduce themselves.
Chapter 3: Reviewing Meeting Notes
Timestamp: 05:09-07:00
Description: The participants ask for feedback from the previous week's meeting and discuss topics they are excited about. They also share their ideas for a draft page on the Omi website.
Chapter 4: Planning and Budgeting
Timestamp: 08:08-12:33
Description: The participants discuss their plans for workshops and mini-challenges, as well as the need for a budget and timeline. They mention the importance of taking notes and making contributions to the GitHub discussion.
Chapter 5: Building Collaboration and Visual Presentation
Timestamp: 26:27-30:50
Description: The participants discuss the need to collaborate with national entities and create a single page to showcase their vision. They also talk about creating visual content and 3D experience videos to promote their work.
Chapter 6: Fundraising and Engagement
Timestamp: 34:16-37:03
Description: The participants discuss fundraising ideas and how to engage with different organizations. They emphasize the importance of adding input, critique, and questions to the discussion.
Chapter 7: Content Creation and Promotion
Timestamp: 38:14-43:02
Description: The participants discuss creating slides, content, and promoting their work through various channels, including live build sessions and curated videos. They express their willingness to help and spread awareness about the project.
Chapter 8: Conclusion and Next Steps
Timestamp: 48:16-52:24
Description: The participants express their enthusiasm for working together, learning, and calling more people to join the project. They mention upcoming discussions on physics bodies and moderation and conclude the meeting with plans for the next week.

Note: The outline is based on the provided transcript, and the chapter titles are inferred from the content discussed during those timestamps.

## Notes
Recording begins.
Discussion about organizing a bigger field trip.
Mention of a virtual world template style.
The goal is to assist in getting the message out.
Someone is asked to take the lead.
Feedback from the previous meeting is requested.
Instructions on accessing the text chat feature.
Agenda and Hack MD link are shared.
Ideas and input are encouraged.
Plans for workshops and mini challenges are discussed.
Timeline for the mini events is requested.
Notes are being made in the GitHub discussion.
Importance of simplicity and grassroots approach.
The need to create a visual meeting.
Video clips of 3D meetings are suggested.
Combining visual and storytelling elements.
Discussion about using festival and parade language.
Collaboration with national entities is mentioned.
Summary of the meeting is suggested.
Ideas for slides to share with collaborators.
Time check and availability for slides.
Funding ideas and helping people fund their ideas.
Building a sense of what the group is about.
Willingness to help with slides and content creation.
Community building and skill transfer.
Mention of the Omi booth and glTF group activities.
Excitement about the Microsoft and Omi physics body discussion.
Curating a well-rounded video playlist.
Request for suggestions for the playlist.
Conclusion of the meeting.
Goodbyes.