# OMI 5-10-23


[toc]

## AI meeting summary
The transcript is a part of a general day morning meeting for the open metaverse interoperability community. The participants introduce themselves and discuss their projects and goals. They also talk about job postings, gender parity in the community, and upcoming events. They mention working groups and production goals related to documentation, media resources, and fiscal sponsorship application. The participants collaborate on capturing joint commitments around open source collaboration. Overall, they emphasize the importance of mutual value creation and respect within the community.

The team is discussing the risks and resources needed for their collaboration in the Muro board. They are considering Open Collective elements and how it aligns with their impact areas. They also discuss their commitments to other organizations like W3C, Metaverse standards forum, and Open Collective. The team talks about licenses for publishing their work, distinguishing between non-code media content and code. There is a debate on whether to use Creative Commons licenses or have more specific restrictions on remixing and monetization. They also discuss protecting the community from individual conflicts and clarifying ownership rights of content created for the community. Finally, they consider how artwork should be licensed, focusing on attribution and remixability while deciding if commercial reuse is acceptable as long as proper attribution is maintained.

The conversation in this part of the transcript focuses on potential conflicts that may arise when commercializing tools developed within the community. The participants discuss the need for clear attribution and a collective agreement regarding profit-sharing and open sourcing. They also mention the importance of representing Omi as a collective rather than placing all responsibility on Omi alone. Additionally, they touch upon copyright, patents, and licensing issues, suggesting the use of licenses like Apache 2.0 or MIT with a patent grant to protect against legal disputes. Finally, there is a discussion about clarifying Omi's purpose and creating concise descriptions for Open Collective forms.

The participants discussed the need to come to a consensus on the working group collaborative agreement and gather good examples for it. They also mentioned the possibility of assigning copyright to Omi Group contributors instead of OB Group and the importance of attribution in community mediation. The transcript highlighted that clarifying how mediation is handled is crucial for avoiding time-consuming issues in the future. The dual license approach using Apache two and MMT was suggested, along with exploring grant funding opportunities. Joining Open Collective could make donations tax-deductible and enable partnerships with public organizations. Overall, they aimed to finalize documentation for next week's vote on agreements.

## Action items
From the transcript, there are several follow-ups and action items that can be identified:

- Finish the Open Collective application: The participants in the meeting mentioned that they need to complete the Open Collective application, which will help with fundraising and obtaining effective 501(c)(3) status.
- Develop a clear working group agreement: The participants discussed the need for a clear working group agreement that outlines how they collaborate, publish, and license their work in open source. They mentioned the importance of addressing issues such as conflicts, legal protection, and mediation processes.
- Explore licensing options: The participants discussed different licensing options, including the use of MIT, Creative Commons, and Apache 2.0 licenses. They mentioned the need to clarify which licenses are suitable for code, media, and portable artwork, and how they can ensure proper attribution and collaboration.
- Consider dual licensing: It was suggested that the community could consider dual licensing, where contributors license their work under both Apache 2.0 and MIT licenses. This would allow users to choose which license they prefer and provide greater licensing flexibility.
- Address patent grants: The participants discussed the importance of addressing patent grants in their agreements. They mentioned the need for contributors to grant the community the use of their patents to avoid potential conflicts in the future.
- Discuss copyright assignment: The participants mentioned the need to discuss copyright assignment and whether contributors should assign their copyright to the Omi Group. They acknowledged that further discussions are required to reach a consensus on this issue.
- Clarify the community's purpose and goals: The participants emphasized the need to articulate the community's purpose and goals more clearly. They discussed the role of the community in supporting open source developers and creators, promoting interoperability, and exploring new possibilities through partnerships and grant funding.
- Establish a mediation process: The participants highlighted the importance of establishing a clear mediation process to address conflicts and disagreements within the community. They mentioned the need for a process that is not burdensome on any individual and allows for effective resolution of issues.
- Gather examples and templates: The participants expressed the need for examples and templates of working group agreements, contributor license agreements, and mediation processes from other organizations and communities. These examples would help guide the development of their own agreements and ensure clarity in their documentation.

Overall, the follow-ups and action items from the transcript include completing the Open Collective application, finalizing the working group agreement, selecting appropriate licenses, discussing patent grants and copyright assignment, clarifying the community's purpose, establishing a mediation process, and gathering examples and templates for guidance.

## Outline
Chapter 1: Introduction and Background
Timestamp: 00:00-00:23
Description: The meeting starts with a general introduction and mentions the various groups involved in working on Elements, including the glTF Extensions group.
Chapter 2: Self-Introductions and Open Metaverse Interoperability
Timestamp: 00:41-04:01
Description: Participants are asked to introduce themselves and explain how their work connects to open metaverse interoperability.
Chapter 3: Updates from Working Groups
Timestamp: 04:49-05:11
Description: Working groups are encouraged to provide quick updates on their progress.
Chapter 4: Open Collective Documentation and Working Agreements
Timestamp: 05:11-09:35
Description: The focus is on organizing open collective documentation and developing working agreements for publishing together in open source.
Chapter 5: Capturing Elements and Community History
Timestamp: 09:55-10:36
Description: The plan is to capture elements and community history on a mirror board and create a slide for a conversation.
Chapter 6: Media Resources and Presentations
Timestamp: 10:36-13:38
Description: The discussion revolves around creating template slides for presentations and media resources to be stored in the GitHub repository.
Chapter 7: Application for Fiscal Sponsorship
Timestamp: 13:59-16:14
Description: The group is working on an application for fiscal sponsorship and seeks input on how the collective furthers the mission impact areas.
Chapter 8: Clarifying Working Group Agreements
Timestamp: 16:14-19:48
Description: The focus is on clarifying and finalizing the working group agreements, with the aim of bringing them to a meeting for a vote.
Chapter 9: Seeking Examples and Templates
Timestamp: 45:46-47:11
Description: Participants are asked to share examples of clear and effective open source working group agreements that can serve as templates.
Chapter 10: Articulating the Community's Purpose
Timestamp: 41:19-41:25, 57:15-57:10
Description: The group works on articulating the community's purpose, mission, and distinguishing factors.
Chapter 11: Finalizing Documentation and Future Plans
Timestamp: 55:35-59:29
Description: The focus is on finishing the documentation and discussing future plans for the community, including metatraversal and closing remarks.
Chapter 12: Conclusion and Next Steps
Timestamp: 59:29-1:00:17
Description: The meeting concludes with a summary of the next steps, including bringing the documentation to the table for a vote in the following week.
Note: The outline is based on the topics discussed and the timestamps provided in the transcript.

## Notes
- Introductions are made.
- Discussion about putting the word out.
- Confirmation about the correct letter option.
- Mention of any notes or newbies.
- Someone offers to talk.
- Suggestion to plug into specific threads and working groups.
- Request for quick notes from working groups.
- Plan to include notes in a single slide for a conversation.
- Mention of using a mirror board to capture elements.
- High-level goals and production goals are mentioned.
- Desire to playlist all content created by the working groups.
- Invitation for people to designate themselves as bloggers or video creators.
- Development of template slides for talks.
- Immediate production goals include finishing presentations.
- Discussion about the next step.
- Mention of slides, templates, and media resources living in GitHub.
- Offer to guide the conversation.
- Request to drop notes into the mirror board and organize them.
- Clarification about using a template to get started.
- Request for help with a task.
- Mention of a Google Doc with issues being worked on.
- Plan to add content to the mirror board.
- Discussion about the structure with Open Collective.
- Request for help with articulating a piece of the puzzle.
- Availability of sticky notes for writing.
- Positive response to progress.
- Focus on capturing long-term information.
- Invitation to note any immediate risks.
- Reference to resources.
- Plan to write an explanation in a document.
- Request for clarity on a specific question.
- Mention of other questions in the form.
- Desire for a clear description.
- Request for suggestions to make the description clear.
- Mention of the character limit for the description.
- Outstanding task to finish.
- Request for a summary of previous meeting notes.
- Desire to bring a document to a meeting next week.
- Need for a 250-character summary for a form.
- Example given to explain the goal.
- Request for examples of clear language from other sources.
- Plan to include language in the mirror board.
- Goal to work on the document and bring it to a vote next week.
- Reminder to keep the conversation active and finish the documentation.
- Request for suggestions about distinguishing factors of the community.
- Desire to imagine new possibilities and arrangements.
- Mention of bringing a document for a vote next week.
- Opportunity for final notes from the community.
- Offer to share links on the mirror board.
- Plan to articulate ideas into a document.
- Welcome for any thoughts or suggestions.
- Closing remarks and mention of sharing relevant links.