{"data":{"repository":{"discussions":{"totalCount":179,"nodes":[{"id":"D_kwDOFUbqUM4AU_x5","category":{"name":"General"},"upvoteCount":1,"updatedAt":"2023-08-09T18:46:43Z","createdAt":"2023-08-09T16:06:25Z","number":410,"title":"08/9/23 Weekly Meeting 119 Notes/Agenda","body":"Weekly Meeting 119 is happening on Wednesday, August 9, 2023 from 9:00 AM PST (16:00 UTC) - 10:00 AM PST (17:00 UTC)\r\n\r\nYou can add it to your calendar [here](https://calendar.google.com/calendar/u/1?cid=Y18wZHB1Z2Y5ZjgzZXE0cWVrbWI2b21xYmptZ0Bncm91cC5jYWxlbmRhci5nb29nbGUuY29t).\r\n\r\nWe'll be meeting again in the omi-weekly-meeting channel of the [AngellXR/OMI Discord](https://discord.gg/NJtT9grz5E).\r\nWe regularly use the # omi-meeting-chat channel for text chat.\r\n\r\nWho we are and why we're here:\r\nThe Open Metaverse Interoperability Group (OMI) is focused on bridging virtual worlds by designing and promoting protocols for identity, social graphs, inventory, and more. Our members include businesses and individuals working towards this common goal.\r\n\r\nIf youâ€™re an observer or here for the first time, this is a meeting where people who work on the OMI group initiatives discuss updates and contribution opportunities for current projects and goals. This is your chance to jump in and help!\r\n\r\nWe welcome you to introduce yourself in #omi-meeting-chat as we dive into the agenda items. There will be an open floor in the last 15 minutes of the meeting (agenda permitting) where we can discuss any items you feel are relevant to the current or near future OMI goals.\r\n\r\nAgenda\r\n\r\nI'd like us to build things together. I also have to get with Jin to talk metaverse.dev, and need to relay the discussions from last Fridays champions sync: new chair election, Open Collective Update\r\n\r\n- Metaverse Festival October 2024 see [HackMD draft information for page on OMI website to start spreading the word](https://hackmd.io/@indiebio/metaverse-float-parade)\r\n\r\n**UPDATES**\r\n\r\ncomments below","author":{"login":"mrmetaverse"},"comments":{"nodes":[{"id":"DC_kwDOFUbqUM4AZfbQ","author":{"login":"indiebio"},"body":"OMI is an W3C accredited research body"},{"id":"DC_kwDOFUbqUM4AZfd8","author":{"login":"indiebio"},"body":"Elections soon. There does not seem to be formal documentation about the chairs/\"leadership\"? of OMI. We should have something. Some resources shared by the group to help with this:\r\n- https://hackmd.io/@mrmetaverse/omi-tasks-audit (Edit: this basically covers it. but would be good to look at e.g. BigScience and see if it's worth updating)\r\n- https://discord.com/channels/770382203782692945/834825299438731325\r\n- THese guys have a well articulated govenership for open source collaboration orgs  .....   https://bigscience.notion.site/BigScience-214dc9a8c1434d7bbcddb391c383922a"},{"id":"DC_kwDOFUbqUM4AZfey","author":{"login":"mrmetaverse"},"body":"Call for Chair Nominations: \r\n\r\n- we have one vacant chair seat. \r\n- champions feel we should hold a new election, as availabilities have changed, and we have some new contributors who have more time to contribute. \r\n- nominate yourself or others in the comments below :point_down: \r\n\r\nre: https://github.com/omigroup/omigroup/discussions/410#discussioncomment-6682492"},{"id":"DC_kwDOFUbqUM4AZffe","author":{"login":"indiebio"},"body":"jin proposed getting a Fireflies subscription to help with archiving and note taking: https://hackmd.io/@XR/omi-fireflies. \r\nFormal proposal: https://github.com/omigroup/omigroup/issues/411\r\n"},{"id":"DC_kwDOFUbqUM4AZfgA","author":{"login":"mrmetaverse"},"body":"# Vote passed: Fireflies \r\n![image](https://github.com/omigroup/omigroup/assets/63426722/d95dcabc-5e9f-4039-9a85-4abbc1e2d385)\r\n"},{"id":"DC_kwDOFUbqUM4AZfhw","author":{"login":"indiebio"},"body":"https://sketchfab.com/3d-models/hyperfy-simple-cars-parade-float-d1a2b04bc8684e31a2c59923630ec516\r\n\r\ntest world for the festival (I think) https://hyperfy.io/cars"},{"id":"DC_kwDOFUbqUM4AZfiu","author":{"login":"indiebio"},"body":"Follow up from last week: media meeting: Tuesday (AUG15)  16:00 - 17:00 UTC\r\n\r\nRecurring meeting is on the second Tuesday every month at 16:00 - 17:00 UTC (24:00 Format) to accommodate MSF commitments. .....?\r\n\r\nhttps://github.com/omigroup/media\r\n\r\nand follow up about recording links - fireflies should fix where to find these, streamline this. "},{"id":"DC_kwDOFUbqUM4AZft4","author":{"login":"mrmetaverse"},"body":"UPDATE: We were approved to join OCF under 501c3 fiscal sponsorship. But still need to work out the zeroing the balance thing. \r\n\r\n![image](https://github.com/omigroup/omigroup/assets/63426722/42589a9e-96c8-49ea-8bfe-4e9023f0d876)\r\n"}]},"labels":{"nodes":[]}},{"id":"D_kwDOFUbqUM4AU29b","category":{"name":"General"},"upvoteCount":1,"updatedAt":"2023-08-02T16:48:55Z","createdAt":"2023-08-02T16:07:01Z","number":409,"title":"08/2/23 Weekly Meeting 118 Notes/Agenda","body":"Weekly Meeting 118 is happening on Wednesday, August 2, 2023 from 9:00 AM PST (16:00 UTC) - 10:00 AM PST (17:00 UTC)\r\n\r\nYou can add it to your calendar [here](https://calendar.google.com/calendar/u/1?cid=Y18wZHB1Z2Y5ZjgzZXE0cWVrbWI2b21xYmptZ0Bncm91cC5jYWxlbmRhci5nb29nbGUuY29t).\r\n\r\nWe'll be meeting again in the omi-weekly-meeting channel of the [AngellXR/OMI Discord](https://discord.gg/NJtT9grz5E).\r\nWe regularly use the # omi-meeting-chat channel for text chat.\r\n\r\nWho we are and why we're here:\r\nThe Open Metaverse Interoperability Group (OMI) is focused on bridging virtual worlds by designing and promoting protocols for identity, social graphs, inventory, and more. Our members include businesses and individuals working towards this common goal.\r\n\r\nIf youâ€™re an observer or here for the first time, this is a meeting where people who work on the OMI group initiatives discuss updates and contribution opportunities for current projects and goals. This is your chance to jump in and help!\r\n\r\nWe welcome you to introduce yourself in #omi-meeting-chat as we dive into the agenda items. There will be an open floor in the last 15 minutes of the meeting (agenda permitting) where we can discuss any items you feel are relevant to the current or near future OMI goals.\r\n\r\nAgenda\r\nnotes from last week: https://github.com/omigroup/omigroup/discussions/408\r\nchampions four weeks ago: https://github.com/omigroup/omigroup/discussions/404\r\nnew readme: https://github.com/omigroup/\r\nMSF POG status\r\nwe are approved and finished with the application.\r\nnow its time to nominate to the board (I believe, can we confirm?)\r\nOpen Collective Update\r\n\r\n- Funding ideas - how can we help people fund their ideas? see [OMI DIscord Experiments Funding thread](https://discord.com/channels/770382203782692945/1128733053716549722) for discussion\r\n- Metaverse Festival October 2024 see [HackMD draft information for page on OMI website to start spreading the word](https://hackmd.io/@indiebio/metaverse-float-parade)\r\n\r\n**UPDATES**\r\n\r\ncomments below","author":{"login":"madjin"},"comments":{"nodes":[{"id":"DC_kwDOFUbqUM4AZP36","author":{"login":"indiebio"},"body":"@jin shares progress on the festival idea, some vehicles, booths are available on https://sketchfab.com/m3org/models"},{"id":"DC_kwDOFUbqUM4AZP5x","author":{"login":"indiebio"},"body":"Media: have working meetings that can be livestreamed and recorded, aka creating media, while we work on e.g. creating the content for a press kit for the festival idea (separate meeting to the next media meetup which will be about access and accounts.\r\nTODO: Schedule these at a reasonable frequency."},{"id":"DC_kwDOFUbqUM4AZP7K","author":{"login":"madjin"},"body":"- vket\r\n  - vket summer is over, but we went on several field trips / took lots of pics, MSF avatar / character group learneed about it last night through a presentation by someone from Hikky\r\n- MSF delegates\r\n  - MSF update: some interest for a virtual expo from Neil, noted presence and expression limitations of virtual world (I think vrchat can fix this). The interoperable avatar/chars group had tour of vket from someone in Hikky last night. I think if we just keep building booths and parade vehicles others will eventually catch on, and we can have sponsorship packages for companies that wanna outsource creation.\r\n- Media group\r\n  - Meeting coming up soon and backlog meeting coming up soon as well.\r\n  - https://www.twitch.tv/anarchyarcade  Example livestreamed talk show via discord / green screen background removal\r\n![image](https://github.com/omigroup/omigroup/assets/32600939/77278e07-a6f0-4ae5-9513-843852b1cf62)\r\n![image](https://github.com/omigroup/omigroup/assets/32600939/60fa3b0b-5dfb-4ef7-a9ae-58fcaf72f2f2)\r\n\r\n- Avatar interop group\r\n  - went over wearables interop challenges and ideas with a member of the cyberbrokers team https://snap.cyberbrokers.com/, recorded it via zoom / fireflies AI - pretty useful software we should try uploading past OMI meeting recordings to it https://fireflies.ai/\r\n  - Can upload transcription / notes later to Github or something\r\n- GLTF group\r\n  - Meeting with Khronos group last week, some highlights:\r\n    - Some context before, didn't have much idea what Khronos group wanted yet since wasn't much async discussion prior. For meeting talked about scope of the spec, groups wants it to be big and flexible, as result will spend more time working on OMI specs to bring closer to MSFT specs and implement things Khronos group wants for sure, and converge into a KHR physics spec. Still have portability concerns, proposed filtering cannot be implemented in Godot atm (shape / body stuff), but it's just a caveat we gotta deal with atm.\r\n    - Will keep making gradual changes over the month\r\n\r\n"},{"id":"DC_kwDOFUbqUM4AZP9l","author":{"login":"indiebio"},"body":"Please find the recordings of the meetings, and if possible add each meeting's recording link to the meeting minutes."}]},"labels":{"nodes":[]}},{"id":"D_kwDOFUbqUM4AUw6L","category":{"name":"General"},"upvoteCount":1,"updatedAt":"2023-07-26T16:59:22Z","createdAt":"2023-07-26T15:48:55Z","number":408,"title":"07/26/23 Weekly Meeting 117 Notes/Agenda","body":"Weekly Meeting 117 is happening on Wednesday, July 26, 2023 from 9:00 AM PST (16:00 UTC) - 10:00 AM PST (17:00 UTC)\r\n\r\nYou can add it to your calendar [here](https://calendar.google.com/calendar/u/1?cid=Y18wZHB1Z2Y5ZjgzZXE0cWVrbWI2b21xYmptZ0Bncm91cC5jYWxlbmRhci5nb29nbGUuY29t).\r\n\r\nWe'll be meeting again in the omi-weekly-meeting channel of the [AngellXR/OMI Discord](https://discord.gg/NJtT9grz5E).\r\nWe regularly use the # omi-meeting-chat channel for text chat.\r\n\r\nWho we are and why we're here:\r\nThe Open Metaverse Interoperability Group (OMI) is focused on bridging virtual worlds by designing and promoting protocols for identity, social graphs, inventory, and more. Our members include businesses and individuals working towards this common goal.\r\n\r\nIf youâ€™re an observer or here for the first time, this is a meeting where people who work on the OMI group initiatives discuss updates and contribution opportunities for current projects and goals. This is your chance to jump in and help!\r\n\r\nWe welcome you to introduce yourself in #omi-meeting-chat as we dive into the agenda items. There will be an open floor in the last 15 minutes of the meeting (agenda permitting) where we can discuss any items you feel are relevant to the current or near future OMI goals.\r\n\r\nAgenda\r\nnotes from last week: https://github.com/omigroup/omigroup/discussions/407\r\nchampions three weeks ago: https://github.com/omigroup/omigroup/discussions/404\r\nnew readme: https://github.com/omigroup/\r\nMSF POG status\r\nwe are approved and finished with the application.\r\nnow its time to nominate to the board (I believe, can we confirm?)\r\nOpen Collective Update\r\n\r\n- Funding ideas - how can we help people fund their ideas? see [OMI DIscord Experiments Funding thread](https://discord.com/channels/770382203782692945/1128733053716549722) for discussion\r\n- Metaverse Festival October 2024 see [HackMD draft information for page on OMI website to start spreading the word](https://hackmd.io/@indiebio/metaverse-float-parade)\r\n\r\n**UPDATES**\r\n\r\n","author":{"login":"indiebio"},"comments":{"nodes":[{"id":"DC_kwDOFUbqUM4AY_9q","author":{"login":"indiebio"},"body":"VRChat vket fieldtrip - invite .jin to join"},{"id":"DC_kwDOFUbqUM4AY_-N","author":{"login":"indiebio"},"body":"tomorrow (Thursday) having an MSF discussion on the glTF spec (aaron to add details, feedback next week)"},{"id":"DC_kwDOFUbqUM4AY__V","author":{"login":"indiebio"},"body":"Festival: Need budget - needs people experienced with fundraising to help with this. Evo can help but not lead.\r\n"},{"id":"DC_kwDOFUbqUM4AY__1","author":{"login":"indiebio"},"body":"Festival: include digital twins, photogrammetry (at whatever scale)"},{"id":"DC_kwDOFUbqUM4AZAAD","author":{"login":"indiebio"},"body":"Festival: licensing is whatever, we prefer e.g. CC, MIT, but proprietary licensing is going to run into share-ability issues, and that's a lesson in itself"},{"id":"DC_kwDOFUbqUM4AZAAW","author":{"login":"indiebio"},"body":"Festival: Kiosks are possible to balance fundraising and community needs. Avatarjoy has done this before. "},{"id":"DC_kwDOFUbqUM4AZAAd","author":{"login":"indiebio"},"body":"Epic MegaGrant (?) can be an avenue for funding. Athena & Doug conversation about open source starter materials. Needs to be clear with the community what the licence is,what is open, what will be used."},{"id":"DC_kwDOFUbqUM4AZAAf","author":{"login":"indiebio"},"body":"Note Burning Man ten principles. This is a community event not a commercial event."},{"id":"DC_kwDOFUbqUM4AZABc","author":{"login":"indiebio"},"body":"For fundraising having visual things to show really help - this is also why the monthly events building the thing in the open can be effective"},{"id":"DC_kwDOFUbqUM4AZADl","author":{"login":"indiebio"},"body":"Monthly builds - get the entire community to participate in community creator days. Sortof like the Burning Man monthly build events."},{"id":"DC_kwDOFUbqUM4AZAEG","author":{"login":"indiebio"},"body":"Festival does not need to be in one world at all, can use several platforms. Figuring how to run the parade across platforms might be hard. How does the float move between them?? Do we have different events at different times?\r\nThere's a big compute cost, so we would need a partner for that."},{"id":"DC_kwDOFUbqUM4AZAES","author":{"login":"indiebio"},"body":"Mozilla guy to speak to about infrastructures."},{"id":"DC_kwDOFUbqUM4AZAFH","author":{"login":"indiebio"},"body":"Idea: Library / blockbuster immersive space with the \"wizard\" idea to build the float step by step - so a curated list of videos/guides things."}]},"labels":{"nodes":[]}},{"id":"D_kwDOFUbqUM4AUq-W","category":{"name":"General"},"upvoteCount":1,"updatedAt":"2023-07-19T17:10:16Z","createdAt":"2023-07-19T16:03:15Z","number":407,"title":"07/19/23 Weekly Meeting 116 Notes/Agenda","body":"Weekly Meeting 116 is happening on Wednesday, July 19, 2023 from 9:00 AM PST (16:00 UTC) - 10:00 AM PST (17:00 UTC)\r\n\r\nYou can add it to your calendar [here](https://calendar.google.com/calendar/u/1?cid=Y18wZHB1Z2Y5ZjgzZXE0cWVrbWI2b21xYmptZ0Bncm91cC5jYWxlbmRhci5nb29nbGUuY29t).\r\n \r\nWe'll be meeting again in the omi-weekly-meeting channel of the [AngellXR/OMI Discord](https://discord.gg/NJtT9grz5E).\r\nWe regularly use the # omi-meeting-chat channel for text chat. \r\n\r\n## Who we are and why we're here:\r\n\r\nThe Open Metaverse Interoperability Group (OMI) is focused on bridging virtual worlds by designing and promoting protocols for identity, social graphs, inventory, and more. Our members include businesses and individuals working towards this common goal. \r\n\r\nIf youâ€™re an observer or here for the first time, this is a meeting where people who work on the OMI group initiatives discuss updates and contribution opportunities for current projects and goals. This is your chance to jump in and help!\r\n\r\nWe welcome you to introduce yourself in #omi-meeting-chat as we dive into the agenda items. There will be an open floor in the last 15 minutes of the meeting (agenda permitting) where we can discuss any items you feel are relevant to the current or near future OMI goals.\r\n\r\n## Agenda\r\n- notes from last week: https://github.com/omigroup/omigroup/discussions/406\r\n- champions two weeks ago: https://github.com/omigroup/omigroup/discussions/404\r\n  - new readme: https://github.com/omigroup/\r\n- MSF POG status \r\n  - we are approved and finished with the application. \r\n  - now its time to nominate to the board (I believe, can we confirm?) \r\n- Open Collective Update \r\n  - <img width=\"1510\" alt=\"Screenshot 2023-07-05 at 11 39 24 AM\" src=\"https://github.com/omigroup/omigroup/assets/63426722/8563fc30-b2f3-463f-8d40-59413d180c01\">\r\n  - re: payments. I need help. <img width=\"1126\" alt=\"Screenshot 2023-07-05 at 11 37 47 AM\" src=\"https://github.com/omigroup/omigroup/assets/63426722/0d3a0ab8-0ed9-4bc4-9bc2-9f7ef9c714b9\">\r\n- Jin submitted a prop https://github.com/omigroup/omigroup/issues/400, we ready? \r\n- https://twitter.com/boomboxheads/status/1678872345849794560?s=20 boombox grant? how can we help people like this with exactly this sort of thing? \r\n\r\n### UPDATES:\r\n\r\n- vket\r\n- copilot\r\n\r\n- MSF delegates\r\n- Media group\r\n- Avatar interop group\r\n- GLTF group\r\n- World Hops","author":{"login":"mrmetaverse"},"comments":{"nodes":[{"id":"DC_kwDOFUbqUM4AYwp6","author":{"login":"mrmetaverse"},"body":"## How can we raise awareness for OMI activities and what is possible? \r\n\r\nThoughts?"},{"id":"DC_kwDOFUbqUM4AYwqz","author":{"login":"mrmetaverse"},"body":"## Media \r\n- we have an opp for a AI newsletter tool, if we are interested in using/testing contact Evo! "},{"id":"DC_kwDOFUbqUM4AYwrF","author":{"login":"mrmetaverse"},"body":"## glTF \r\n- re: microsoft, at an impasse on some critical issues. may result in competing standards. Need to see more people showing up in the comments. At the moment it is mostly 2-3 people discussing and that should be like 10 to be more effective."},{"id":"DC_kwDOFUbqUM4AYwvo","author":{"login":"mrmetaverse"},"body":"# We can talk about ourselves \r\n- how can we dogfood our protocols in our own work? \r\n- how can we give access to our community to our tools and companies products to experiment further with OMI protocols? \r\n  - ex. I can give alpha access to magickml.com for anyone who wants to try to experiment with Magick agents and OMI_Personality. \r\n  - ex. maybe we can encourage builders like null to try to implement OMI protocols in their worlds and VRMs"},{"id":"DC_kwDOFUbqUM4AYwwY","author":{"login":"mrmetaverse"},"body":"# Conferences are boring - lets have a parade! \r\n- people can make floats! \r\n  - maybe the floats use OMI_seat \r\n- floats can be parked and turned into booths!\r\n- anyone can create a float for the event \r\n- we can host the parade in multiple platforms \r\n- a pure celebration of todays interoperability \r\n- portal jumping across parade floats ðŸ˜‚ "},{"id":"DC_kwDOFUbqUM4AYwxF","author":{"login":"mrmetaverse"},"body":"## future standards \r\nDo we have an OMI_wheel spec? or additional standards for vehicles? \r\n- yes, we have drafts "},{"id":"DC_kwDOFUbqUM4AYwxl","author":{"login":"mrmetaverse"},"body":"# NEXT WEEK \r\ncontinue planning next week \r\ncreate a page for our website to refer people to about the parade(s)"}]},"labels":{"nodes":[]}}]}}}}