{"data":{"repository":{"discussions":{"totalCount":188,"nodes":[{"id":"D_kwDOFUbqUM4AV14g","category":{"name":"Weekly Meetings"},"upvoteCount":1,"updatedAt":"2023-10-11T16:37:17Z","createdAt":"2023-10-11T15:34:16Z","number":421,"title":"2023-10-11 Weekly Meeting 128 Notes/Agenda","body":"Weekly Meeting 128 is happening on Wednesday, October 11, 2023 from 9:00 AM PDT (16:00 UTC) - 10:00 AM PDT (17:00 UTC)\r\n\r\nYou can add it to your calendar [here](https://calendar.google.com/calendar/u/1?cid=Y18wZHB1Z2Y5ZjgzZXE0cWVrbWI2b21xYmptZ0Bncm91cC5jYWxlbmRhci5nb29nbGUuY29t).\r\n\r\nWe'll be meeting again in the omi-weekly-meeting channel of the [AngellXR/OMI Discord](https://discord.gg/NJtT9grz5E).\r\nWe regularly use the # omi-meeting-chat channel for text chat.\r\n\r\nWho we are and why we're here:\r\nThe Open Metaverse Interoperability Group (OMI) is focused on bridging virtual worlds by designing and promoting protocols for identity, social graphs, inventory, and more. Our members include businesses and individuals working towards this common goal.\r\n\r\nIf youâ€™re an observer or here for the first time, this is a meeting where people who work on the OMI group initiatives discuss updates and contribution opportunities for current projects and goals. This is your chance to jump in and help!\r\n\r\nWe welcome you to introduce yourself in the ðŸ”ˆ omi-weekly-meeting chat as we dive into the agenda items. There will be an open floor in the last 15 minutes of the meeting (agenda permitting) where we can discuss any items you feel are relevant to the current or near future OMI goals.\r\n\r\nAgenda:\r\n\r\n### 1. Roundtable\r\nfun, interesting, random or relevant things people have found this week. Please share in the comments.\r\n\r\n### 2. Working group check ins\r\n\r\nRevisit sending an invitation about growing the glTF spec group, to students\r\n\r\nMedia group needs more integration!\r\n\r\nAdmin: Need a tutorial please on how to use the thing that gives issues that gets dealt with in backlog refinement please (need to create issues for sharing access to calendar to add media group, and to stay on top of the archive, and transcribing using Fireflies)\r\n\r\n### 3. Follow on from last week's meeting\r\nLast week https://github.com/omigroup/omigroup/discussions/420\r\n\r\nResearch Show and Tell, coinciding with metaverse museum crowdfunder launch. Date changed to 30 October. We need a flyer and a virtual venue (will have a call with Keyframe on Friday)\r\n\r\nNominations for OMI chairs now open, nominate yourself or someone else. Nominations close after next week's meeting. Elections two weeks after that.\r\nMore info on roles of Chairs https://hackmd.io/@mrmetaverse/omi-tasks-audit;\r\nalso: https://github.com/omigroup/omigroup/discussions/157\r\nand https://github.com/omigroup/omigroup/discussions/165\r\n\r\nWeekly game night progress?\r\n\r\n### 4. Other\r\n\r\nDuring Champions meeting, chatted about reaching out to Linux foundation members with a 3D logo of their logo on TLF website. \r\nWhy? To facilitating booths of OMF / TLF partners and projects into virtual worlds to create a presence \"in the metaverse\"\r\nWhere to host this? Sketchfab\r\nPolitical question on which hosting worlds?\r\nCould a TLF partner sponsor a hackathon that creates their booth?\r\nThey can set the constraints, which world they want etc. They sponsor small prizes, gitf cards or whatever, it's a marketing push for them\r\n\r\n\r\nMSF Standards Register workgroup's catalog.  OMI could port it into the Metaverse.\r\nhttps://register.metaverse-standards.org/?q=&candidates=true","author":{"login":"indiebio"},"comments":{"nodes":[{"id":"DC_kwDOFUbqUM4AbrE5","author":{"login":"indiebio"},"body":"1. Roundtable. Please post fun, interesting, random or relevant things people have found this week, here.\r\n"},{"id":"DC_kwDOFUbqUM4AbrFB","author":{"login":"indiebio"},"body":"3. Follow on from last week's meeting, stuff goes here."},{"id":"DC_kwDOFUbqUM4AbrFo","author":{"login":"indiebio"},"body":"4. Other. \r\nChampions meetings discussion: Making 2D to 3D logos, jin shared:\r\nhttps://www.figma.com/community/plugin/1264600219316901594/vector-to-3d, https://pissang1.gumroad.com/l/figma-plugin-vector-to-3d"},{"id":"DC_kwDOFUbqUM4AbrLp","author":{"login":"indiebio"},"body":"2. Working group catch ups.\r\n\r\nMeticulac will help be an accountability buddy"}]},"labels":{"nodes":[]}},{"id":"D_kwDOFUbqUM4AVv4P","category":{"name":"Weekly Meetings"},"upvoteCount":1,"updatedAt":"2023-10-10T07:51:12Z","createdAt":"2023-10-04T14:18:32Z","number":420,"title":"2023-10-04 Weekly Meeting 127 Notes/Agenda","body":"Weekly Meeting 127 is happening on Wednesday, October 4, 2023 from 9:00 AM PDT (16:00 UTC) - 10:00 AM PDT (17:00 UTC)\r\n\r\nYou can add it to your calendar [here](https://calendar.google.com/calendar/u/1?cid=Y18wZHB1Z2Y5ZjgzZXE0cWVrbWI2b21xYmptZ0Bncm91cC5jYWxlbmRhci5nb29nbGUuY29t).\r\n\r\nWe'll be meeting again in the omi-weekly-meeting channel of the [AngellXR/OMI Discord](https://discord.gg/NJtT9grz5E).\r\nWe regularly use the # omi-meeting-chat channel for text chat.\r\n\r\nWho we are and why we're here:\r\nThe Open Metaverse Interoperability Group (OMI) is focused on bridging virtual worlds by designing and promoting protocols for identity, social graphs, inventory, and more. Our members include businesses and individuals working towards this common goal.\r\n\r\nIf youâ€™re an observer or here for the first time, this is a meeting where people who work on the OMI group initiatives discuss updates and contribution opportunities for current projects and goals. This is your chance to jump in and help!\r\n\r\nWe welcome you to introduce yourself in the ðŸ”ˆ omi-weekly-meeting chat as we dive into the agenda items. There will be an open floor in the last 15 minutes of the meeting (agenda permitting) where we can discuss any items you feel are relevant to the current or near future OMI goals.\r\n\r\nAgenda:\r\n\r\n1.   \"420\".\r\n2. Oopsie! where is last week's meeting? (Link below but not visible in the [discussions page](https://github.com/omigroup/omigroup/discussions))? Is this a bug or did a lot happen in the backlog refinement?\r\n3. Feedback on metatraversal\r\n4. Feedback on OMI demo day \"interoperable physics in the open metaverse\"\r\n5. Monthly OMI demo days: schedule and take ownership. [Hackmd ](https://hackmd.io/@indiebio/OMI-monthly-demo-days)for scheduling and [discussion thread on Discord](https://discord.com/channels/770382203782692945/1149030210503716944).\r\n6. Weekly game nights? \r\n  e.g. foosball, darts, card games, and beanbags, and a little movie theatre where we show movies. Then we meet there, like a clubhouse, once a week. No agenda, just chillin' together. Maybe in VR chat?\r\n7. Elections.\r\nThere will be elections for OMI chairs. MrMetaverse is up for re-election, indiebio has nominated herself for election.\r\nNominations will be open until <date>\r\nElection will be on <date>\r\nMore info on roles of Chairs https://hackmd.io/@mrmetaverse/omi-tasks-audit; \r\nalso: https://github.com/omigroup/omigroup/discussions/157\r\nand https://github.com/omigroup/omigroup/discussions/165\r\n8. EU research funding cycle open. Do a demo day to see what is out there, match up with people? [Thread on Discord](https://discord.com/channels/770382203782692945/1158355479349702686)\r\n9. Question in Discord about \"[different implementations of metaverse engines](https://discord.com/channels/770382203782692945/895065600353792081/1158043241158029402)\" - this could be a great demo day topic as well? Or some sort of a thing. Like a youtube debate.\r\n10. OMF collaboration ... should we try work this? As a separate but closely aligned partner, perhaps the commercial side to OMI's grassroots community? \r\n10.1. Where should OMF focus on (e.g. what working groups)\r\n10.2 Where should the closest collaboration between  OMF and OMI be?\r\n11. Media group needs more integration!\r\n\r\nWorking group check-ins\r\n\r\n- Revisit sending an invitation about growing the glTF spec group, to students\r\n\r\nLast week: https://github.com/omigroup/omigroup/discussions/419\r\n\r\n\r\n\r\n\r\n","author":{"login":"indiebio"},"comments":{"nodes":[{"id":"DC_kwDOFUbqUM4AbbIA","author":{"login":"indiebio"},"body":"3. metatraversal had a good turnout, was a rapid turnover, visited a lot of places. Opportunities to collaborate.\r\nKeyframe was part of the production. Was good, could have been more seamless with integration with Zoom. Also had streamyard going for presentation flow which also showed bottom-third. Integration could have been better, being improved going forwards. VRLand and Upland are creating portal implementations (?).\r\nKeyframe is processing video this week, needs to be shorter than the whole 1hour and will share next week."},{"id":"DC_kwDOFUbqUM4AbbI_","author":{"login":"indiebio"},"body":"4. OMI demo day was good, someone was demo'ing camera control system. Post-production live in event sort of thing, programmatically move cameras and adjust focal length etc.\r\njin pulled it off, M3 put in a great effort"},{"id":"DC_kwDOFUbqUM4AbbKY","author":{"login":"indiebio"},"body":"5. Demo day scheduling, \"Wouldn't it be cool if\" demo day ... and then we can talk, who is interested, who is doing this, what are the challenges?"},{"id":"DC_kwDOFUbqUM4AbbLn","author":{"login":"indiebio"},"body":"6. Movie nights not as good, but background music can work. Being together in a space is good.\r\nCan have crash-cars for those who want to move around.\r\nMetaverse makerspace?"},{"id":"DC_kwDOFUbqUM4AbbMH","author":{"login":"indiebio"},"body":"7. Give enough notice on nominations and elections in the coming meetings too. Will update the dates ASAP."},{"id":"DC_kwDOFUbqUM4AbbMt","author":{"login":"indiebio"},"body":"9. All metaverse **engines** have in common to take your assets with you.\r\nSo VRchat could be classified as one.\r\nA game engine could be *used* to build a metaverse platform but it is not a engine/platform in itself.\r\n> Need a channel or a FAQ or something to deal with the terminology as it emerges."},{"id":"DC_kwDOFUbqUM4AbbNP","author":{"login":"indiebio"},"body":"10. Could align some of our sessions with OMF. Could allow a mixing zone for conversations to take place..."},{"id":"DC_kwDOFUbqUM4AbbNn","author":{"login":"indiebio"},"body":"Working groups:\r\nglTF last week worked on audio stuff.\r\nthanks to antpb for spearheading that."},{"id":"DC_kwDOFUbqUM4AbbN9","author":{"login":"indiebio"},"body":"Proposal submissions open for Interop2024: https://web.dev/interop-2024-proposals/"},{"id":"DC_kwDOFUbqUM4AbbPh","author":{"login":"indiebio"},"body":"11. Media group needs calendar added, permissions topost / update website"},{"id":"DC_kwDOFUbqUM4AbbPs","author":{"login":"indiebio"},"body":"MSF is creating a library of reference material. sortof adjacent to the museum concept. jimmy to give link for more info.\r\nCould be an opportunity to collaborate in the display or access of these."}]},"labels":{"nodes":[]}},{"id":"D_kwDOFUbqUM4AVqQe","category":{"name":"Weekly Meetings"},"upvoteCount":1,"updatedAt":"2023-10-04T19:04:38Z","createdAt":"2023-09-27T16:03:18Z","number":419,"title":"2023-09-27 Weekly Meeting 126 Notes/Agenda","body":"You can add it to your calendar [here](https://calendar.google.com/calendar/u/1?cid=Y18wZHB1Z2Y5ZjgzZXE0cWVrbWI2b21xYmptZ0Bncm91cC5jYWxlbmRhci5nb29nbGUuY29t).\r\n\r\nWe'll be meeting again in the omi-weekly-meeting channel of the [AngellXR/OMI Discord](https://discord.gg/NJtT9grz5E).\r\nWe regularly use the # omi-meeting-chat channel for text chat.\r\n\r\nWho we are and why we're here:\r\nThe Open Metaverse Interoperability Group (OMI) is focused on bridging virtual worlds by designing and promoting protocols for identity, social graphs, inventory, and more. Our members include businesses and individuals working towards this common goal.\r\n\r\nIf youâ€™re an observer or here for the first time, this is a meeting where people who work on the OMI group initiatives discuss updates and contribution opportunities for current projects and goals. This is your chance to jump in and help!\r\n\r\nWe welcome you to introduce yourself in the ðŸ”ˆ omi-weekly-meeting chat as we dive into the agenda items. There will be an open floor in the last 15 minutes of the meeting (agenda permitting) where we can discuss any items you feel are relevant to the current or near future OMI goals.\r\n\r\nAgenda:\r\n\r\n1. Metatraversal: https://discord.com/channels/770382203782692945/851927319173791806/1154294930563399721\r\n2. 30 September (this weekend) - progress and more planning: https://omi-physics.uwu.ai/; https://discord.com/channels/770382203782692945/1149030210503716944\r\n3. Venue for demo day etc? opinions on Stardust XR? Relevant? -> Hyperfy. Stardust is a different thing, good to discuss in a demo day :)\r\n4. election??\r\n5. help needed for Open Collective - mr Metaverse\r\n6. Common (?) access to e.g. calendar, website updates...\r\n","author":{"login":"indiebio"},"comments":{"nodes":[{"id":"DC_kwDOFUbqUM4AbLko","author":{"login":"mrmetaverse"},"body":"# It's an exciting time to join OMI! \r\n- we are in a creative phase \r\n- we are building together \r\n- we are celebrating fresh voices and perspectives"},{"id":"DC_kwDOFUbqUM4AbLmf","author":{"login":"indiebio"},"body":"Have more watchparties, like a hyperfy world that is a movie theatre, quick, doesn't need much planning. Has the added benefit over e.g. just watching a youtube because you can chat to people sitting in the theatre"},{"id":"DC_kwDOFUbqUM4AbLnj","author":{"login":"indiebio"},"body":"TIL: OMI has a youtube channel! https://www.youtube.com/@Open_Metaverse"},{"id":"DC_kwDOFUbqUM4AbLn-","author":{"login":"mrmetaverse"},"body":"We also have a Blog where we can cross post content. \r\n\r\n- make a process for submitting blogs that folks want to cross-post from OMI acct. OMI acct publishes an abstract of the original and a link. "},{"id":"DC_kwDOFUbqUM4AbLpr","author":{"login":"mrmetaverse"},"body":"# OMI Demo Day - Physics for the Open Metaverse\r\n>## This Saturday September 30, 2023 @ 2PM EDT (18:00 UTC)  \r\n\r\nhttps://omi-physics.uwu.ai/\r\n\r\n[![image](https://github.com/omigroup/omigroup/assets/63426722/2a4365e4-a74d-46cd-8196-6370a140f252)](https://omi-physics.uwu.ai/)\r\n\r\n"},{"id":"DC_kwDOFUbqUM4AbLsR","author":{"login":"mrmetaverse"},"body":"# Election (?) \r\n\r\nWhy have one? \r\n- we are due for one soon \r\n- its something we committed to doing when we started having elections \r\n- Open Collective is ready to help us make the switch to 501c3 sponsorship, but they need point people. \r\n- there are roles and responsibilities. \r\n- W3C needs to be updated, we want to bridge the W3C list with our Discord community, spin up a proper newsletter to update the mass collective, and engage more effectively. "},{"id":"DC_kwDOFUbqUM4AbLsf","author":{"login":"mrmetaverse"},"body":"# MetaTraversal Event tomorrow \r\n- sign up here https://www.linkedin.com/events/metatr-versal-portalcrawliii7107931217995407361/about/"}]},"labels":{"nodes":[]}},{"id":"D_kwDOFUbqUM4AVjwS","category":{"name":"General"},"upvoteCount":1,"updatedAt":"2023-10-04T19:04:30Z","createdAt":"2023-09-20T13:44:30Z","number":418,"title":"2023-09-20 Weekly Meeting 125 Notes/Agenda","body":"Weekly Meeting 124 is happening on Wednesday, September 13, 2023 from 9:00 AM PDT (16:00 UTC) - 10:00 AM PDT (17:00 UTC)\r\n\r\nYou can add it to your calendar [here](https://calendar.google.com/calendar/u/1?cid=Y18wZHB1Z2Y5ZjgzZXE0cWVrbWI2b21xYmptZ0Bncm91cC5jYWxlbmRhci5nb29nbGUuY29t).\r\n\r\nWe'll be meeting again in the omi-weekly-meeting channel of the [AngellXR/OMI Discord](https://discord.gg/NJtT9grz5E).\r\nWe regularly use the # omi-meeting-chat channel for text chat.\r\n\r\nWho we are and why we're here:\r\nThe Open Metaverse Interoperability Group (OMI) is focused on bridging virtual worlds by designing and promoting protocols for identity, social graphs, inventory, and more. Our members include businesses and individuals working towards this common goal.\r\n\r\nIf youâ€™re an observer or here for the first time, this is a meeting where people who work on the OMI group initiatives discuss updates and contribution opportunities for current projects and goals. This is your chance to jump in and help!\r\n\r\nWe welcome you to introduce yourself in the :speaker: omi-weekly-meeting chat as we dive into the agenda items. There will be an open floor in the last 15 minutes of the meeting (agenda permitting) where we can discuss any items you feel are relevant to the current or near future OMI goals.\r\n\r\nAgenda:\r\n\r\n* new MetaTraversal event coming up [September 28th](https://www.linkedin.com/posts/evonne_vrland-frame-getsocial-activity-7109965645567426560-XQja?utm_source=share&utm_medium=member_desktop)\r\n\r\nContinued:\r\n\r\n* working group check-ins\r\n\r\nLast week: https://github.com/omigroup/omigroup/discussions/417","author":{"login":"mrmetaverse"},"comments":{"nodes":[{"id":"DC_kwDOFUbqUM4Aa7zB","author":{"login":"indiebio"},"body":"TODO: work this up to grow the community of people passionate about glTF Physics standards, and people send to their university networks. https://hackmd.io/@indiebio/get-involved-glTF-Physics - MrMetaverse, indiebio, Pearl Hyacinth, Knev.phd\r\n"},{"id":"DC_kwDOFUbqUM4Aa70q","author":{"login":"mrmetaverse"},"body":"# OMIFest\r\n- the vote is in for our name, its OMIFest \r\n- dates:\r\n  - thinking october 2024 (that is a year out) \r\n  - there is a free and open source software fest we could collab with sept 2024 \r\n  - can we do something sooner like this year or the spring of 2024? (No, we are going to do multiple events leading up) \r\n- we will host multiple little independent events leading up to OMIFest. \r\n  - OMI Demo Day 9/30/23 \r\n    - Saturday afternoon Eastern time \r\n    - Demo something connected to OMI Physics \r\n    - continued in the [next section](https://github.com/omigroup/omigroup/discussions/418#discussioncomment-7060782)\r\n  - multiple ideas in [this thread on discord](https://discord.com/channels/770382203782692945/1149030210503716944/1149030214807064616)"},{"id":"DC_kwDOFUbqUM4Aa70u","author":{"login":"mrmetaverse"},"body":"# September 30th OMI Demo Day planning: \r\n- Saturday afternoon Eastern time \r\n- Demo something connected to OMI Physics \"Interoperable Physics in the Open Metaverse\"\r\n  - last week we observed a globe that was using the OMI Physics spec\r\n- have someone share screen and do a lightning talk on a topic \r\n  - who: whether you implemented OMI Physics, or have a novel / alternative solution, you are welcome to demo physics in the metaverse\r\n  - 5 minutes per speaker (so no one single person hogs the space). 5 min to present your hook. Then we can revisit after with a chat afterwards. \r\n  - where: we should have this in a virtual world. something was proposed about setting a campfire, with a front page for OMI group. \r\n- 5 min intro from @mrmetaverse about the open metaverse \r\n- identify 2-3 people to partake \r\n"}]},"labels":{"nodes":[]}}]}}}}
